cackle
caterwaul
caw
cha-cha-cha
cha-ching
chachalaca
chakk-chackk-chak-chak
chak-a-chak-akk-chk-chk-chk
cham
champ
chat
chatter
cheep
chickadee
chiffchaff
ching-a-ling
chink
chirp
chirr
chirrup
chitter
chomp
choo-choo
chooga chooga chooga
chortle
chough
Chrrrick-chrrrick-chrrrick-chrrrrick
chuck-will's-widow
whip-poor-will
whiver
chug
chug-chugchug-chugchug-mmmoooosh

sound of a steamroller (Diggers go by Steve Light. All caps in the book CHUG CHUGCHUG CHUGCHUG MMMMOOOOSH)

engine equipment road

CHUGGA chugga chugga CHUGGA chugga chugga CHOO CHOOOOOOO

steam engine or train. from this book:
Trans go, by Steve Light
Click here for more train sounds

machine movement

chukar

The Chukar Partridge (Alectoris chukar) is a Eurasian upland gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae. Their song is a noisy chuck-chuck-chukar-chukar from which the name is derived. More

animal bird

chumma chumma chumma, hufft hufft, falump

Sounds made by an excavator (From Diggers go by Steve Light). In the book all caps CHUMMA CHUMMA CHUMMA, HUFFT HUFFT FALUMP

engine metal digging

chunk

to chunk, a verb for sound made by a big engine, as in thumping, chunking engines going.. (from the poem "engineers" by Jimmy Garthwaite, in "Noisy poems" by Jill Bennett)

engine

clack

1. chatter, prattle 2. to make an abrupt striking sound or series of sounds, such as footsteps 3. cry of a bird , especially fowl. see also: cackle, cluck 4. Sound of a late 19th century gun being closed after loading, according to a reply to a yahoo!Answers post about the sound of old guns

animal bird weapon metal

clackety-clack

sound of a train sound of a train riding on a railroad switch or joint (Song of the train by David McCord, in Noisy poems by Jill Bennett). also: clickety-clack

metal engine

clang

1. loud ringing metallic sound. For example clang or klang is often used for when an aluminum baseball bat hits the baseball 2. to clang, verb for harsh cry of a bird (as a crane or goose), 3. to clang, verb for the sound of fire bells (features in the poem "The Bells" by Edgar Allan Poe).

hard_hit animal bird metal

clank

1. the sound of metal when struck, 2. to clank, verb for the sound made by a big engine (from the poem "engineers" by Jimmy Garthwaite, in Noisy poems by Jill Bennett)

hard_hit engine

clap

a sharp, forcible or resounding noise

hard_hit

claque

(possibly of imitative origin) organized body of hired applauders

crack

clash

loud sound of collision followed by a confusion of lesser sounds

hard_hit

clatter

to make a rattling sound

crack

cliche

stereotyped phrase (imitative origin, from the sound of dropping the matrix on the molten metal)

human

click

1. slight sharp sound, eg. camera making a photo. 2. nonvocal suction sound in some languages, 3. to talk noisily or rapidly. The sound made by dolphins is also called "clicking".
In the media: click it or ticket is the name and slogan of a National Highway Traffic Safety Administration campaign aimed at increasing the use of seat belts among young people in the United States. Also: "clunk click, every trip (click the seatbelt on after clunking the car door closed; UK campaign) and: "click, clack, front and back" (click, clack of connecting the seatbelts; AU campaign)

human animal automotive

clickety-clack

sound of a train sound of a train riding on a railroad switch or joint (Song of the train by David McCord, in Noisy poems by Jill Bennett), see also clackety-clack

metal movement engine

clink

sound of metal when struck

hard_hit metal

clinker

very hard kind of brick, named after the sound produced when struck

hard_hit

clip clop

sound of a walking horse. More horse sounds

animal

clippity-clop

sound of galloping horse. More horse sounds

animal

clitter

to make a shrill creaking noise by rubbing together special bodily structures, as of male insects such as crickets or grasshoppers

animal

clobber

sound of a hit / punch, verb: to batter severely. Find more hit / punch words

hard_hit

cltkty

sound of a coin put into a vending machine (from the graphic novel "Jimmy Corrigan: The Smartest Kid on Earth", ref)

metal

cluck

1. bird : the peculiar sound of a brooding hen 2. To make a clicking sound with the tongue

animal bird

cock-a-doodle-doo

call of a rooster, usually in the morning

animal bird

common poor-will

(Phalaenoptilus nuttallii) nocturnal bird of the family Caprimulgidae, the nightjars, found from British Columbia and southeastern Alberta, through the western United States to northern Mexico. Call: a loud "poor-will." about this bird

animal bird

coo

bird , characteristic note of doves and pigeons

animal bird

cough

to expel air noisily from the lungs, usually to expel fluids that resonate during breathing

human disease

crack

to make a sharp short noise

crack

crackle

1. To make a succession of slight sharp snapping noises: a fire crackling in the wood stove. 2. To show liveliness, energy, or intensity: a book that crackles with humor. 3. To become covered with a network of fine cracks; craze. v.tr. 1. To crush (paper, for example) with sharp snapping sounds. 2. To cause (china, for example) to become covered with a network of fine cracks.
in the media: Snap, Crackle, and Pop are the cartoon mascots of Kellogg's breakfast cereal Rice Krispies. They are named after the sound rice krispies make when they are dropped in a bowl of milk

crash

to dash to pieces, or the noise produced by it

hard_hit crack

creak

a harsh cry, sound of a rusty gate hinge, to speak stridently or querulously, or to make a shrill grating noise

metal crack

cricket

name of chirping insect, grasshopper

animal crack

crinkle

to make a soft crackling sound, rustle

crack

croak

1. frog , 2. to utter a deep hoarse cry

animal

croaker

Common name for Sciaenidae, a family of fish. Also called drums or hardheads for the repetitive throbbing or drumming sounds they make. The sounds are produced by the beating of abdominal muscles against the swim bladder. more

croon

1. To hum or sing softly. 2. To sing popular songs in a soft, sentimental manner. 3. (Scottish) To roar or bellow. Possibly of imitative origin. Originally "to bellow like a bull" as well as "to utter a low, murmuring sound" Etymonline

human music animal

croup

throat-disease with a sharp, barking cough. imitative origin

human disease

crow

to utter the cry of a rooster

animal bird

crunch

1. to chew with a noisy crackling sound, 2. to crush, grind, or tread noisily. Find more chewing noises

human eat_drink animal crack

crunch, crunch, crunch

sound of footsteps on gravel, stones

human stones

cry

1. to call loudly, 2. to weep, 3. verb for the sound of a trumpet (in the poem "Lepanto" by G. K. Chesterton: "... Don John calling through the blast and the eclipse, crying with the trumpet, with the trumpet of his lips"

human music

cuckcoo

cuckoo, bird species Cuculus Canorus, named by its cry. Also, a type of clock named after the bird. link1 (bird), link2 (clock)

animal bird

curlew

any of various largely brownish chiefly migratory birds (especially genus Numenius) having long legs and a long slender down-curved bill and related to the sandpipers and snipes. name is imitative of the sound it makes. about this bird

animal bird

currawong

bird species name, see pied currawong