Hwæt! Wé Gárdena in géardagum Listen! We --of the Spear-Danes in the days of yore,
þéodcyninga þrym gefrúnon· of those clan-kings-- heard of their glory.
hú ðá æþelingas ellen fremedon. how those nobles performed courageous deeds.
Oft Scyld Scéfing sceaþena þréatum Often Scyld, Scef's son, from enemy hosts
monegum maégþum meodosetla oftéah· from many peoples seized mead-benches;
egsode Eorle syððan aérest wearð and terrorised the fearsome Heruli after first he was
féasceaft funden hé þæs frófre gebád· found helpless and destitute, he then knew recompense for that:-
wéox under wolcnum· weorðmyndum þáh he waxed under the clouds, throve in honours,
oð þæt him aéghwylc þára ymbsittendra until to him each of the bordering tribes
ofer hronráde hýran scolde, beyond the whale-road had to submit,
gomban gyldan· þæt wæs gód cyning. and yield tribute:- that was a good king!
Ðaém eafera wæs æfter cenned To him a heir was born then
geong in geardum þone god sende young in the yards, God sent him
folce tó frófre· fyrenðearfe ongeat· to comfort the people; He had seen the dire distress
þæt híe aér drugon aldorléase that they suffered before, leader-less
lange hwíle· him þæs líffréä a long while; them for that the Life-Lord,
wuldres wealdend woroldáre forgeaf: Ruler of Glory, granted honour on earth:
Béowulf wæs bréme --blaéd wíde sprang-- Beowulf (Beaw) was famed --his renown spread wide--
Scyldes eafera Scedelandum in. Scyld's heir, in Northern lands.
Swá sceal geong guma góde gewyrcean So ought a young man by good deeds deserve,
fromum feohgiftum on fæder bearme (and) by fine treasure-gifts, while in his father's keeping,
þæt hine on ylde eft gewunigen that him in old age shall again stand by,
wilgesíþas þonne wíg cume· willing companions, when war comes,
léode gelaésten: lofdaédum sceal people serve him: by glorious deeds must,
in maégþa gehwaére man geþéön. amongst his people, everywhere, one prosper.
Him ðá Scyld gewát tó gescæphwíle Then Scyld departed at the destined time, felahrór féran on fréan waére· still in his full-strength, to fare in the protection of the Lord Frea;
hí hyne þá ætbaéron tó brimes faroðe he they carried to the sea's surf,
swaése gesíþas swá hé selfa bæd his dear comrades, as he himself had bid,
þenden wordum wéold wine Scyldinga when he yet wielded words, that friend of the Scyldings,
léof landfruma lange áhte· beloved ruler of the land, had ruled for a long time;
þaér æt hýðe stód hringedstefna there at the harbour stood with a ringed-prow,
ísig ond útfús æþelinges fær· icy and keen to sail, a hero's vessel;
álédon þá léofne þéoden they then laid down the beloved prince,
béaga bryttan on bearm scipes the giver of rings and treasure, in the bosom of the boat,
maérne be mæste· þaér wæs mádma fela the mighty by the mast; many riches were there,
of feorwegum frætwa gelaéded· from far-off lands ornate armour and baubles were brought;
ne hýrde ic cýmlícor céol gegyrwan I have not heard of a comelier keel adorned
hildewaépnum ond heaðowaédum with weapons of battle and war-dress,
billum ond byrnum· him on bearme læg bill-blades and byrnies; there lay on his breast
mádma mænigo þá him mid scoldon many treasures, which with him must,
on flódes aéht feor gewítan· in the power of the waves, drift far off;
nalæs hí hine laéssan lácum téodan in no way had they upon him fewer gifts bestowed
þéodgestréonum þonne þá dydon with the wealth of a nation, than those did
þe hine æt frumsceafte forð onsendon who him in the beginning had sent forth
aénne ofer ýðe umborwesende· alone upon the waves being but a child;
þá gýt híe him ásetton segen gyldenne yet then they set up the standard of gold,
héah ofer héafod· léton holm beran· high over head; they let the sea bear,
géafon on gársecg· him wæs geómor sefa gave to the ocean, in them were troubled hearts,
murnende mód· men ne cunnon mourning minds; men cannot
secgan tó sóðe seleraédenne say for certain, (neither) court-counsellors
hæleð under heofenum hwá þaém hlæste onféng. (nor) heroes under heaven, who received that cargo. I Ðá wæs on burgum Béowulf Scyldinga Then was in boroughs, Beowulf the Scylding (Beaw),
léof léodcyning longe þráge beloved king of the people a long age
folcum gefraége --fæder ellor hwearf famed among the folk --his father having gone elsewhere,
aldor of earde-- oþ þæt him eft onwóc elder on earth-- until unto him in turn was born
héah Healfdene héold þenden lifde high Half-Dane, he ruled so long as he lived
gamol ond gúðréouw glæde Scyldingas· old and battle-fierce, the glad Scyldings;
ðaém féower bearn forðgerímed to him four sons in succession
in worold wócun weoroda raéswan: woke in the world, the leader of the legions:
Heorogár ond Hróðgár ond Hálga til· Heorogar and Hrothgar and good Halga;
hýrde ic þæt Ýrse wæs Onelan cwén I heard that Yrse was Onela's queen,
Heaðo-Scilfingas healsgebedda. the War-Scylfing's belovèd embraced in bed.
Þá wæs Hróðgáre herespéd gyfen Then was to Hrothgar success in warcraft given,
wíges weorðmynd þæt him his winemágas honour in war, so that his retainers
georne hýrdon oðð þæt séo geogoð gewéox eagerly served him until the young war-band grew
magodriht micel· him on mód bearn into a mighty battalion; it came into his mind
þæt healreced hátan wolde that a hall-house, he wished to command,
medoærn micel men gewyrcean a grand mead-hall, be built by men
þone yldo bearn aéfre gefrúnon which the sons of men should hear of forever,
ond þaér on innan eall gedaélan and there within share out all
geongum ond ealdum swylc him god sealde to young and old, such as God gave him,
búton folcscare ond feorum gumena· except the common land and the lives of men;
ða ic wíde gefrægn weorc gebannan Then, I heard, widely was the work commissioned
manigre maégþe geond þisne middangeard· from many peoples throughout this middle-earth,
folcstede frætwan. Him on fyrste gelomp to furnish this hall of the folk. For him in time it came to pass,
aédre mid yldum þæt hit wearð ealgearo early, through the men, that it was fully finished,
healærna maést· scóp him Heort naman the best of royal halls; he named it Heorot,
sé þe his wordes geweald wíde hæfde· he whose words weight had everywhere;
hé béot ne áléh· béagas daélde he did not lie when he boasted; rings he dealt out,
sinc æt symle. Sele hlífade riches at his feasts. The hall towered,
héah ond horngéap· heaðowylma bád high and horn-gabled; it awaited the cruel surges
láðan líges· ne wæs hit lenge þá gén of hateful flames; nor was the time yet nigh
þæt se ecghete áþumswéoran that the furious edge-malice of son-in-law and father-in-law,
æfter wælníðe wæcnan scolde. arising from deadly enmity would inevitably awaken.
Ðá se ellengaést earfoðlíce Then the bold spirit, impatiently
þráge geþolode sé þe in þýstrum bád endured dreary time, he who dwelt in darkness,
þæt hé dógora gehwám dréam gehýrde he that every day heard noise of revelry
hlúdne in healle· þaér wæs hearpan swég loud in the hall; there was the harmony of the harp,
swutol sang scopes· sægde sé þe cúþe the sweet song of the poet; he spoke who knew how frumsceaft fíra feorran reccan· the origin of men to narrate from afar;
cwæð þæt se ælmihtiga eorðan worhte said he that the almighty one wrought the earth,
wlitebeorhtne wang swá wæter bebúgeð· (that) fair, sublime field bounded by water;
gesette sigehréþig sunnan ond mónan set up triumphant the sun and moon,
léoman tó léohte land-búendum luminaries as lamps for the land-dwellers
ond gefrætwade foldan scéatas and adorned the corners of the earth
leomum ond léafum· líf éac gesceóp with limbs and leaves; life too He formed
cynna gehwylcum þára ðe cwice hwyrfaþ· for each of the species which lives and moves.
Swá ðá drihtguman dréamum lifdon So the lord's men lived in joys,
éadiglice oð ðæt án ongan happily, until one began
fyrene fremman féond on helle· to execute atrocities, a fiend in hell;
wæs se grimma gaést Grendel háten this ghastly demon was named Grendel,
maére mearcstapa sé þe móras héold infamous stalker in the marches, he who held the moors,
fen ond fæsten· fífelcynnes eard fen and desolate strong-hold; the land of marsh-monsters,
wonsaélí wer weardode hwíle the wretched creature ruled for a time
siþðan him scyppend forscrifen hæfde since him the Creator had condemned
in Caines cynne þone cwealm gewræc with the kin of Cain; that killing avenged
éce drihten þæs þe hé Ábel slóg· the eternal Lord, in which he slew Abel;
ne gefeah hé þaére faéhðe ac hé hine feor forwræc this feud he did not enjoy, for He drove him far away,
metod for þý máne mancynne fram· the Ruler, for this crime, from mankind;
þanon untýdras ealle onwócon thence unspeakable offspring all awoke:
eotenas ond ylfe ond orcnéäs ogres and elves and spirits from the underworld;
swylce gígantas þá wið gode wunnon also giants, who strove with God
lange þráge· hé him ðæs léan forgeald. for an interminable season; He gave them their reward for that. II Gewát ðá néosian syþðan niht becóm He then went to visit and see --when night came--
héän húses· hú hit Hring-Dene the high house how it, the Ring-Danes
æfter béorþege gebún hæfdon· after the beer-feast, had occupied;
fand þá ðaér inne æþelinga gedriht he found then therein the nobles' company
swefan æfter symble· sorge ne cúðon slumbering after the feast; they did not know sorrow,
wonsceaft wera· wiht unhaélo misery of men; that damned creature,
grim ond graédig gearo sóna wæs grim and greedy, soon was ready,
réoc ond réþe ond on ræste genam savage and cruel and from their rest seized
þrítig þegna· þanon eft gewát thirty thanes; thence back he went
húðe hrémig tó hám faran proud in plunder to his home, faring
mid þaére wælfylle wíca néosan. with the banquet of bodies to seek his shelter.
Ðá wæs on úhtan mid aérdæge Then was in the dark of dawn before the day
Grendles gúðcræft gumum undyrne· Grendle's war-might revealed to the men;
þá wæs æfter wiste wóp up áhafen then it was after their feasting they raised up lament
micel morgenswég. Maére þéoden in a great morning-cry. The mighty chieftain,
æþeling aérgod unblíðe sæt· the prince, old and good, sat in sorrow,
þolode ðrýðswýð þegnsorge dréah The great mighty one suffered, anguish of thane-loss oppressed him
syðþan híe þæs láðan lást scéawedon, when they the foe's tracks beheld,
wergan gástes· wæs þæt gewin tó strang of the wicked ghoul; that strife was too strong,
láð ond longsum. Næs hit lengra fyrst loathsome and lingering. Nor was it a longer time
ac ymb áne niht eft gefremede but after a single night again he perpetuated
morðbeala máre ond nó mearn fore, more brutal slaughter, and it grieved him not,
faéhðe ond fyrene· wæs tó fæst on þám. violence and viciousness, he was too entrenched in these.
Þá wæs éaðfynde þé him elles hwaér Then was it easily found, one who would somewhere else,
gerúmlícor ræste sóhte further away, seek rest:
bed æfter búrum ðá him gebéacnod wæs a bed among the bowers, when it was made clear to him,
gesægd sóðlíce sweotolan tácne truly told, by an unmistakable token
healðegnes hete· héold hyne syðþan the enmity of the hall's occupier; he held himself then
fyr ond fæstor sé þaém féonde ætwand. further and safer, he who shunned that fiend.
Swá ríxode ond wið rihte wan Thus he ruled and challenged justice,
ána wið eallum oð þæt ídel stód one against all, until empty stood
húsa sélest· wæs séo hwíl micel, that finest of houses; the time was long
twelf wintra tíd torn geþolode --the space of twelve winters-- that bitter anguish endured
wine Scyldenda, wéana gehwelcne the friend, the shielder, --every woe, sídra sorga· forðám secgum wearð immense miseries; therefore to men became
ylda bearnum undyrne cúð, to sons of men, clearly known
gyddum geómore þætte Grendel wan in mournful ballads, that Grendle had contended
hwíle wið Hróþgár· heteníðas wæg long against Hrothgar, sustained fierce enmity,
fyrene ond faéhðe fela misséra, felony and feud, for many seasons
singále sæce· sibbe ne wolde continual strife; he did not want peace
wið manna hwone mægenes Deniga, with any man of the Danish contingent,
feorhbealo feorran, féa þingian to desist in life-destruction, to settle it with payment,
né þaér naénig witena wénan þorfte none of the counsellors had any need to hope for
beorhtre bóte tó banan folmum noble recompense from the slayer's hands,
ac se aéglaéca éhtende wæs but the wretch was persecuting
deorc déaþscua duguþe ond geogoþe --the dark death-shade-- warriors old and young;
seomade ond syrede· sinnihte héold he lay in wait and set snares, in the endless night he held
mistige móras· men ne cunnon the misty moors; men do not know
hwyder helrúnan hwyrftum scríþað. where such hellish enigmas slink in their haunts.
Swá fela fyrena féond mancynnes Thus many offences that foe of mankind,
atol ángengea oft gefremede, that terrible lone traveller, often committed,
heardra hýnða· Heorot eardode hard humiliations; he dwelt in Heorot,
sincfáge sel sweartum nihtum the richly-adorned hall, in the black nights
--nó hé þone gifstól grétan móste, --by no means he the gift-throne was compelled to approach respectfully,
máþðum for metode, né his myne wisse-- the treasure, by the Maker, nor did he feel love for it--
Þæt wæs wraéc micel wine Scyldinga, That was great misery for the Friend of the Scyldings,
módes brecða. Monig oft gesæt a breaking of his spirit. Many often sat
ríce tó rúne· raéd eahtedon· the mighty at counsel; pondered a plan,
hwæt swíðferhðum sélest waére what by strong-minded men would be best,
wið faérgryrum tó gefremmanne· against the sudden horror, to do;
hwílum híe gehéton æt hærgtrafum sometimes they pledged at holy temples
wígweorþunga· wordum baédon sacred honouring, in words bid
þæt him gástbona géoce gefremede that them the demon-slayer would offer succour
wið þéodþréaum· swylc wæs þéaw hyra· from the plight of the people; such was their habit:
haéþenra hyht· helle gemundon the hope of heathens; on hell they pondered in módsefan· metod híe ne cúþon in the depths of their hearts; the Creator they did not know,
daéda démend· ne wiston híe drihten god the Judge of deeds, they were not aware of the Lord God,
né híe húru heofena helm herian ne cúþon nor yet they the Helm of the Heavens were able to honour,
wuldres waldend. Wá bið þaém ðe sceal Glory's Wielder. Woe be to him who must,
þurh slíðne níð sáwle bescúfan through dire terror, thrust his soul
in fýres fæþm, frófre ne wénan, into fire's embrace; hope not for relief,
wihte gewendan· wél bið þaém þe mót or to change at all; well be he who may
æfter déaðdæge drihten sécean after death-day seek the Lord
ond tó fæder fæþmum freoðo wilnian. and in his Father's arms yearn towards Nirvana. III Swá ðá maélceare maga Healfdenes So then over the sorrow of the time the son of Half-Dane
singála séað· ne mihte snotor hæleð continually brooded; the wise hero could not
wéan onwendan· wæs þæt gewin tó swýð turn away woe; that strife was too strong,
láþ ond longsum þe on ðá léode becóm, hateful and enduring, that on the people came
nýdwracu níþgrim nihtbealwa maést. fearfully cruel, violent trouble, the greatest night-evil. syd-journey Þæt fram hám gefrægn Higeláces þegn That from home heard Hygelac's thane,
gód mid Géatum, Grendles daéda· a good man of the Geats, of Grendel's deeds;
sé wæs moncynnes mægenes strengest he was of mankind of the greatest strength,
on þaém dæge þysses lífes on that day in this life,
æþele ond éacen· hét him ýðlidan noble and mighty; he ordered them a wave-crosser
gódne gegyrwan· cwæð: hé gúðcyning --a good one-- prepare; he said: the war-king
ofer swanráde sécean wolde over swan-road he wished to seek,
maérne þéoden þá him wæs manna þearf· that mighty clan-chief, since he was in need of men;
ðone síðfæt him snotere ceorlas that adventure him, the clear-headed chaps,
lýt hwón lógon þéah hé him léof waére very little begrudged though he was dear to them,
hwetton higerófne· haél scéawedon. they urged on the valiant-hearted one, and observed the omens.
Hæfde se góda Géata léoda The worthy one had, from the Geatish peoples,
cempan gecorone þára þe hé cénoste chosen champions, those who were the boldest he
findan mihte· fíftýna sum could find; fifteen together,
sundwudu sóhte· secg wísade they sought the sea-wood, he led the warriors,
lagucræftig mon landgemyrcu. that sea-skilled man, to the boundary of the shore.
Fyrst forð gewát· flota wæs on ýðum Time passed by; the ship was on the waves,
bát under beorge· beornas gearwe the boat under the cliffs; the ready warriors
on stefn stigon --stréamas wundon, stepped up into the prow --the currents curled round,
sund wið sande-- secgas baéron sea against sand-- the men bore
on bearm nacan beorhte frætwe into the bosom of boat bright arms and armour,
gúðsearo geatolíc· guman út scufon noble war-gear; the fellows shoved off,
weras on wilsíð wudu bundenne. men on a welcome voyage, in a well-braced ship.
Gewát þá ofer waégholm winde gefýsed Then they went over the water-waves urged by the wind,
flota fámíheals fugle gelícost the foamy-necked floater, remarkably bird-like
oð þæt ymb ántid óþres dógores until in due time, on the second day,
wundenstefna gewaden hæfde the curved-prow had made the journey,
þæt ða líðende land gesáwon, so that the sailors sighted land, brimclifu blícan, beorgas stéape bright sea-cliffs, towering shores,
side saénæssas· þá wæs sund liden wide headlands; then was the sea traversed,
éoletes æt ende. Þanon up hraðe their sea-voyage at an end. Thence up quickly
Wedera léode on wang stigon· the Wederas-warriors stepped onto land;
saéwudu saéldon· syrcan hrysedon moored their vessel; their mail-shirts clanked
gúðgewaédo· gode þancedon those war-garments; they thanked God
þæs þe him ýþláde éaðe wurdon. that for them the wave-paths had been smooth.
Þá of wealle geseah weard Scildinga Then from the wall saw the ward of the Scyldings,
sé þe holmclifu healdan scolde· he who the sea-cliffs had the duty to guard,
beran ofer bolcan beorhte randas borne over the gang-plank, bright bossed-shields,
fyrdsearu fúslicu· hine fyrwyt bræc eager war-devices; in him curiosity broke
módgehygdum hwæt þá men waéron· the thoughts of his heart: what these men were;
gewát him þá tó waroðe wicge rídan then he went to the shore riding his horse,
þegn Hróðgáres· þrymmum cwehte the thane of Hrothgar; he forcefully shook
mægenwudu mundum· meþelwordum frægn: his mighty wooden shaft, and with formal words asked:
'Hwæt syndon gé searohæbbendra 'What are you armour-wearers
byrnum werede þe þus brontne céol bound in byrnies, who thus your tall keel
ofer lagustraéte laédan cwómon over the sea-street leading came,
hider ofer holmas?' hither over the waters?'
Hé wæs endesaéta· aégwearde héold He was the coast-guardian, he held the sea-watch,
þé on land Dena láðra naénig so that on Danish land no enemies at all
mid scipherge sceðþan ne meahte· with a navy would not be able to ravage.
'Nó hér cúðlícor cuman ongunnon 'Not here more openly began to come
lindhæbbende né gé léafnesword lindenwood shield-bearers, nor you the leave-word
gúðfremmendra gearwe ne wisson of our war-makers certainly don't know
mága gemédu· naéfre ic máran geseah our kinsmen's consent; never have I seen greater
eorla ofer eorþan ðonne is éower sum, noble on earth than the one that you are,
secg on searwum· nis þæt seldguma warrior in armour; this is no a mere retainer
waépnum geweorðad· næfne him his wlite léoge, made worthy by weapons; unless he is belied by his looks,
aénlic ansýn! Nú ic éower sceal a unique appearance! Now I must your
frumcyn witan aér gé fyr heonan lineage learn, ere you far hence,
léasscéaweras on land Dena deceiving spies in the land of the Danes
furþur féran· Nú gé feorbúend further fare; now you far-dwellers
merelíðende mínne gehýrað you sea-sailors, hear my
ánfealdne geþóht: ofost is sélest one-fold thought: speed is best
tó gecýðanne hwanan éowre cyme syndon.' for reporting, whence your comings are.' IIII Him se yldesta andswarode· He the eldest answered,
werodes wísa wordhord onléac: the crew's captain, he unlocked his word-hoard:
'Wé synt gumcynnes Géata léode 'We are of the tribe of the Geat people
ond Higeláces heorðgenéatas· and Hygelac's hearth-companions; wæs mín fæder folcum gecýþed my father was known to the folk,
æþele ordfruma Ecgþéow háten· a noble vanguard-warrior, called Edgetheow,
gebád wintra worn aér hé on weg hwurfe who saw many winters ere he passed away,
gamol of geardum· hine gearwe geman old, from our courtyards; he is readily recalled
witena wélhwylc wíde geond eorþan. by each one of the wise widely throughout the world.
Wé þurh holdne hige hláford þínne We, by resolute resolve, your lord,
sunu Healfdenes sécean cwómon the son of Half-Dane have come to seek,
léodgebyrgean· wes þú ús lárena gód· that protector of the people; be you a good guide to us;
habbað wé tó þaém maéran micel aérende we have, to that grand one, a great errand
Deniga fréän· ne sceal þaér dyrne sum to the Danish lord; there shouldn't some secret
wesan þæs ic wéne. Þú wást gif hit is be of this, I think. You know if it is
swá wé sóþlíce secgan hýrdon as we truly have heard said,
þæt mid Scyldingum sceaðona ic nát hwylc that amongst the Scyldings, some enemy, I know not what,
déogol daédhata deorcum nihtum a furtive despoiler, in dark nights,
éaweð þurh egsan uncúðne níð sickeningly reveals unknown enmity,
hýnðu ond hráfyl. Ic þæs Hróðgár mæg suffering and slaughter. I can on this matter, to Hrothgar,
þurh rúmne sefan raéd gelaéran· from a spacious spirit, give counsel,
hú hé fród ond gód, féond oferswýðeþ-- how he, wise and good, overcome the fiend--
gyf him edwendan aéfre scolde if for him a change ever should,
bealuwa bisigu bót eft cuman-- from this suffering of miseries to remedy, come after--
ond þá cearwylmas cólran wurðaþ and his hot wellings of melancholic care grow cooler;
oððe á syþðan earfoðþráge or else ever after, a time of torment,
þréanýd þolað þenden þaér wunað horrible hardship he will endure, so long as there remains,
on héahstede húsa sélest.' in its high place, that best of houses.
Weard maþelode ðaér on wicge sæt The guard made a speech, sitting there on his horse,
ombeht unforht: 'AÉghwæþres sceal --the unhesistating officer: 'He will --every
scearp scyldwiga gescád witan sharp shield-warrior-- know the distinction
worda ond worca sé þe wél þenceð. between words and works, he who reasons rightly.
Ic þæt gehýre· þæt þis is hold weorod I hear it, that this is a legion loyal
fréan Scyldinga· gewítaþ forð beran to the lord of the Scyldings; go forth bearing
waépen ond gewaédu· ic éow wísige· weapons and armour; I shall guide you;
swylce ic maguþegnas míne háte likewise, I the kin-thanes of mine will order,
wið féonda gehwone flotan éowerne against any foes your vessel,
níwtyrwydne nacan on sande --newly tarred, ship on the sand--
árum healdan oþ ðæt eft byreð to guard in honour, until it bears back,
ofer lagustréamas léofne mannan over the sea-streams, the dear man,
wudu wundenhals tó Wedermearce· --the swoop-necked wood -- to Wedermark;
gódfremmendra swylcum gifeþe bið those who perform noble deeds-- to such as these it shall be granted
þæt þone hilderaés hál gedígeð.' that the battle-rush he survive in one piece.'
Gewiton him þá féran --flota stille bád· Then they went faring --the boat at rest awaited,
seomode on sole sidfaéþmed scip it rode on the sand the broad-bosomed ship,
on ancre fæst-- eoforlíc scionon on anchor fast-- boar-figures shone
ofer hléorberan gehroden golde· atop cheekguards adorned with gold;
fáh ond fýrheard ferhwearde héold· glittering and fire-hard; life-guard they held;
gúþmód grummon· guman ónetton· war-spirits raised; the men hastened,
sigon ætsomne oþ þæt hý sæltimbred marched forward together, until they the timbered hall,
geatolíc ond goldfáh ongyton mihton· glorious and gold-trimmed, were able to glimpse;
þæt wæs foremaérost foldbúendum that was the foremost --for earth-dwellers--
receda under roderum on þaém se ríca bád· of halls under the heavens, in it the ruler dwelt;
líxte se léoma ofer landa fela. its light glimmered over many lands.
Him þá hildedéor hof módigra Then to them the fierce fellow --to that court of great men
torht getaéhte þæt híe him tó mihton glorious-- he lead, that they to it could
gegnum gangan· gúðbeorna sum go directly; the worthy warrior
wicg gewende· word æfter cwæð: turned his horse, thereupon spoke words:
'Maél is mé tó féran. Fæder alwalda 'Time it is for me to go. The Father all-ruling,
mid árstafum éowic gehealde with grace may He hold you
síða gesunde! Ic tó saé wille sound on your sojourns! I will to the sea,
wið wráð werod wearde healdan.' against brutal dacoits keep watch.' V Straét wæs stánfáh· stíg wísode The street was paved with stones, the path guided
gumum ætgædere· gúðbyrne scán the men together; war-byrnie shone
heard hondlocen hringíren scír harsh, linked by hand, ring-iron glittering,
song in searwum· þá híe tó sele furðum they sang in their arms, as they to the hall straight
in hyra gryregeatwum gangan cwómon· in their grim gear came marching;
setton saéméþe síde scyldas they set down, sea-weary, their wide shields,
rondas regnhearde wið þæs recedes weal· the rims wondrous-hard against the wall of the hall,
bugon þá tó bence· byrnan hringdon and bent down then to a bench; corslets rang--
gúðsearo gumena· gáras stódon the war-clothes of warriors; spears stood,
saémanna searo samod ætgædere seamen's weapons, all together,
æscholt ufan graég· wæs se írenþréat silvery above a grove of ash; the iron-clad troop was
waépnum gewurþad· þá ðaér wlonc hæleð honoured in weapons; then a proud noble
óretmecgas æfter hæleþum frægn: the elite soldiers asked about the heroes:
'Hwanon ferigeað gé faétte scyldas 'Whence ferry you plated shields,
graége syrcan ond grímhelmas steel-hued shirts of mail and masked-helms,
heresceafta héap? Ic eom Hróðgáres this host of army-shafts? I am Hrothgar's
ár ond ombiht· ne seah ic elþéodige herald and officer; I have not seen from a foreign land
þus manige men módiglícran· this many men looking braver in spirit;
wén' ic þæt gé for wlenco nalles for wraécsíðum I expect that you from valour, not from exile,
ac for higeþrymmum Hróðgár sóhton.' but from greatness of heart have sought out Hrothgar.'
Him þá ellenróf andswarode Then him the renowned one answered
wlanc Wedera léod word æfter spræc --that proud prince of the Wedera nation-- spoke thereafter words,
heard under helme: 'Wé synt Higeláces severe beneath his helmet: 'We are Hygelac's
béodgenéatas· Béowulf is mín nama· companions at table; Beowulf is my name;
wille ic ásecgan sunu Healfdenes I wish to proclaim to the son of Half-Dane,
maérum þéodne min aérende --that famed sovereign-- my errand
aldre þínum gif hé ús geunnan wile to your lord, if he wishes to grant us
þæt wé hine swá gódne grétan móton.' that we him, the virtuous one, might greet.'
Wulfgár maþelode --þæt wæs Wendla léod· Wulfgar began to speak --he was the Wendels' leader,
wæs his módsefa manegum gecýðed his courage was well-known to many,
wíg ond wísdóm--: 'Ic þæs wine Deniga war-skill and wisdom--: 'I this from friend of the Danes,
fréan Scildinga frínan wille lord of the Scyldings, will inquire,
béaga bryttan· swá þú béna eart· from the giver of rings, --as you are petitioners--
þéoden maérne ymb þínne síð from that famed sovereign about your quest,
ond þé þá andsware aédre gecýðan and to you the answer promptly make known
ðe mé se góda ágifan þenceð.' which to me the virtuous one sees fit to give.'
Hwearf þá hrædlíce þaér Hróðgár sæt He turned then quickly to where Hrothgar sat,
eald ond anhár mid his eorla gedriht· old and very grey, amid his company of earls;
éode ellenróf þæt hé for eaxlum gestód he strode grandly so that he stood by the shoulders
Deniga fréän: cúþe hé duguðe þéaw· of the Danes' lord: he knew the custom of veteran-warriors;
Wulfgár maðelode tó his winedrihtne: Wulfgar made this speech to his friend and lord:
'Hér syndon geferede feorran cumene 'Here have ventured, come from far away,
ofer geofenes begang Géata léode· over the expanse of the sea, men of the Geats;
þone yldestan óretmecgas the eldest one of these elite warriors
Béowulf nemnað· hý bénan synt is called Beowulf; they are asking
þæt híe, þéoden min, wið þé móton that they, my lord, with you might
wordum wrixlan· nó ðú him wearne getéoh exchange words; give them not refusal
ðínra gegncwida, glædman Hróðgár· from your answers, gracious Hrothgar;
hý on wíggetáwum wyrðe þinceað they by their war-gear seem worthy
eorla geæhtlan· húru se aldor déah of the esteem of nobles; indeed, the prince is powerful,
sé þaém heaðorincum hider wísade.' who the warriors led hither.' VI Hróðgár maþelode helm Scyldinga: Hrothgar spoke, --the Helm of the Scyldings--:
'Ic hine cúðe cnihtwesende· 'I knew him when he was a youth; wæs his ealdfæder Ecgþéo háten his old father was called Ecgtheow,
ðaém tó hám forgeaf Hréþel Géata to whom gave into his home Hrethel of the Geats
ángan dohtor· is his eaforan nú his only daughter; now his heir is
heard hér cumen· sóhte holdne wine. come here bravely, seeking a steadfast friend.
Ðonne sægdon þæt saélíþende Further, it has been said by sea-farers,
þá ðe gifsceattas Géata fyredon they who our gifts of coins ferried for the Geats
þyder tó þance· þæt hé þrítiges thither in thanks, that he thirty manna mægencræft on his mundgripe men's strength in the grip of his hand,
heaþoróf hæbbe· hine hálig god renowned in war, has; him holy God,
for árstafum ús onsende in benevolence, has sent to us,
tó West-Denum· þæs ic wén hæbbe· to the West-Danes, of this I have hope,
wið Grendles gryre· ic þaém gódan sceal against Grendel's terror; I the good man must
for his módþræce mádmas béodan. for his great daring offer precious treasures.
Béo ðú on ofeste· hát in gáän Be you in haste, order to come in
séon sibbegedriht samod ætgædere· to see me the noble band of kinsmen all together;
gesaga him éac wordum þæt híe sint wilcuman Say to them also in words, that they are welcome
Deniga léodum.' to the Danish land.' Word inne ábéad: A word from within announced:
'Éow hét secgan sigedrihten mín 'To you I am commanded to say by my valorous lord,
aldor Éast-Dena þæt hé éower æþelu can the leader of the East Danes, that he knows your noble history,
ond gé him syndon ofer saéwylmas and you are to him, over sea-swells,
heardhicgende hider wilcuman· --bold in thought-- welcome hither;
nú gé móton gangan in éowrum gúðgeatáwum now you may enter in your war-gear,
under heregríman Hróðgár geseon· under visored-helmets, to see Hrothgar;
laétað hildebord hér onbidan, let battle-boards here await,
wuduwælsceaftas, worda geþinges.' and wooden slaughter-shafts, the result of words.'
Árás þá se ríca, ymb hine rinc manig Then the mighty one arose, about him many warriors,
þrýðlíc þegna héap· sume þaér bidon· the glorious troop of thanes; some waited there,
heaðoréaf héoldon swá him se hearda bebéad· guarding the gear of war as the hardy leader bade;
snyredon ætsomne· þá secg wísode they hurried together; the hero led the way for them
under Heorotes hróf· under Heorot's roof,
heard under helme þæt hé on héoðe gestód. severe under his helmet, until he stood in the hall.
Béowulf maðelode --on him byrne scán Beowulf spoke --on him a mail-coat gleamed,
searonet seowed smiþes orþancum--: a net of armour woven by smith's skilful art--:
'Wæs þú, Hróðgár, hál. Ic eom Higeláces 'Be you, Hrothgar, whole. I am Hygelace's
maég ond magoðegn· hæbbe ic maérða fela kinsman and retainer; I have many great labours
ongunnen on geogoþe· mé wearð Grendles þing undertaken in my youth; Grendel's enterprises have to me become,
on mínre éþeltyrf undyrne cúð: on my native soil, clearly known:
secgað saélíðend þæt þæs sele stande it is said by sea-farers that in this hall stands,
reced sélesta rinca gehwylcum --the best of buildings-- for each and every man,
ídel ond unnyt siððan aéfenléoht idle and useless, after evening-light
under heofenes hádor beholen weorþeð. under the firmament of heaven goes to hide.
Þá mé þæt gelaérdon léode míne Then I was advised that, by my people,
þá sélestan snotere ceorlas, the best ones, the clever chaps,
þéoden Hróðgár, þæt ic þé sóhte sovereign Hrothgar, that it were thee I should seek,
for þan híe mægenes cræft míne cúþon· for that they the force of the strength of mine knew;
selfe ofersáwon ðá ic of searwum cwóm themselves had looked on, when I returned from battle,
fáh from féondum þaér ic fífe geband· stained with the blood of foes, where I bound five,
ýðde eotena cyn ond on ýðum slóg destroyed ogrish kin, and amid the waves slew
niceras nihtes· nearoþearfe dréah· nicors by night; I weathered distress in many a tight corner,
wræc Wedera níð --wéan áhsodon-- avenged injury done the Wederas --they sought woe--
forgrand gramum ond nú wið Grendel sceal the foes I crushed, and now against Grendel I am bound,
wið þám áglaécan ána gehégan with that terrible creature, alone, to settle
ðing wið þyrse. Ic þé nú ðá, the affair with the troll. I now then you,
brego Beorht-Dena, biddan wille, prince of the Bright-Danes, want to request,
eodor Scyldinga, ánre béne: O protector of the Scyldings, one boon:
þæt ðú mé ne forwyrne, wígendra hléo that you not refuse me, O shield of warriors,
fréowine folca, nú ic þus feorran cóm· liege and comrade of the folk, now that I have come thus far;
þæt ic móte ána, mínra eorla gedryht that I might alone, with my company of nobles
ond þes hearda héap, Heorot faélsian· and this hardy horde of warriors, clense Heorot;
hæbbe ic éac ge-áhsod þæt sé aéglaéca I have also heard that the evil creature
for his wonhýdum waépna ne recceð· in his recklessness heeds not weapons;
ic þæt þonne forhicge --swá mé Higelác síe then I it scorn --so that for me Hygelac may be
mín mondrihten módes blíðe-- my liege-lord blithe in his heart--
þæt ic sweord bere oþðe sídne scyld that I bear a sword or broad shield,
geolorand tó gúþe ac ic mid grápe sceal yellow-rim to war, but I with my grip shall
fón wið féonde ond ymb feorh sacan, fight with this fiend and over life strive,
láð wið láþum· ðaér gelýfan sceal enemy against enemy; there must trust in
dryhtnes dóme sé þe hine déað nimeð· the judgement of the Lord, whichever one that Death takes;
wén' ic þæt hé wille gif hé wealdan mót I expect that he will wish, if he can compass it,
in þaém gúðsele Géotena léode in the war-hall, the Geatish people
etan unforhte swá hé oft dyde, to devour fearlessly, as he often did,
mægenhréð manna. Ná þú mínne þearft the force of glorious warriors. You will have no need for my
hafalan hýdan ac hé mé habban wile head to shroud, but rather he will have me
déore fahne gif mec déað nimeð fiercely stained with gore, if me Death takes,
byreð blódig wæl· byrgean þenceð· he will bear my bloody corpse; he aims to bite,
eteð ángenga unmurnlíce· the lone prowler eats unmournfully,
mearcað mórhopu· nó ðú ymb mínes ne þearft marking the limits of his moor enclosures; nor will you for the needs of my
líces feorme leng sorgian. body's funeral-provisions have any further concern.
Onsend Higeláce gif mec hild nime Send to Hygelac, if I am taken by battle,
beaduscrúda betst þæt míne bréost wereð, the best of battle-shrouds, the one that protects my breast,
hrægla sélest· þæt is Hraédlan láf choicest of garments; that is Hrethel's relic,
Wélandes geweorc. Gaéð á wyrd swá hío scel.' Wayland's work. Fate goes always as She must.' VII Hróðgár maþelode helm Scyldinga: Hrothgar spoke, the helm of the Scyldings:
'Fére fyhtum, þú, wine mín Béowulf, 'Fit to fight, you, my friend Beowulf,
ond for árstafum úsic sóhtest. and for honour us have sought.
Geslóh þín fæder faéhðe maéste: Your father by striking began the greatest feud:
wearþ hé Heaþoláfe tó handbonan he was Heatholaf's slayer by his own hand
mid Wilfingum· ðá hine gára cyn of the Wylfings; then him his spear-kin
for herebrógan habban ne mihte· for dread of troops could not shelter;
þanon hé gesóhte Súð-Dena folc thence he sought the South-Danes' folk
ofer ýða gewealc, Ár-Scyldinga· over the welling of the waves, the Honour-Scyldings;
ðá ic furþum wéold folce Deninga at that time I had just begun to rule the Danish folk
ond on geogoðe héold gimmeríce and in my youth held the precious kingdom,
hordburh hæleþa· ðá wæs Heregár déad the treasure-keep of heroes; then was Heregar dead,
mín yldra maég unlifigende my elder brother unliving,
bearn Healfdenes· sé wæs betera ðonne ic. the son of Half-Dane; he was better than I.
Siððan þá faéhðe féo þingode· Then the feud I settled with fees;
sende ic Wylfingum ofer wæteres hrycg I sent the Wylfings across the water's ridge
ealde mádmas· hé mé áþas swór. ancient treasures; he swore oaths to me.
Sorh is mé tó secganne on sefan mínum It sorrows me to say in my heart
gumena aéngum hwæt mé Grendel hafað to any man Grendel has caused me what
hýnðo on Heorote mid his heteþancum humiliations in Heorot with his thoughts of hatred,
faérníða gefremed· is mín fletwerod carried out lightning-quick attacks; my hall-troop is
wíghéap gewanod· híe wyrd forswéop waned, that war-band; they have been swept aside by Fate
on Grendles gryre· god éaþe mæg in Grendel's horrid violence; God can easily
þone dolsceaðan daéda getwaéfan. the rash ravager's deeds put an end to.
Ful oft gebéotedon béore druncne Full oft have vowed, having drunk beer,
ofer ealowaége óretmecgas over ale-flagons, battle-men,
þæt híe in béorsele bídan woldon that they in the beer-hall would await
Grendles gúþe mid gryrum ecga. Grendel's onslaught with vicious edges.
Ðonne wæs þéos medoheal on morgentíd Then, this mead-hall was in the morning
drihtsele dréorfáh þonne dæg lixte, this noble hall stained with gore when the day lightened,
eal bencþelu blóde bestýmed all of the benches smeared with blood
heall heoru-dréore· áhte ic holdra þý laés, the hall battle-gory; I had friends the fewer,
déorre duguðe þé þá déað fornam. cherished old battle-retinue, for these Death took them away.
Site nú tó symle ond onsaél meoto Sit now to feast and untie your thoughts
sigehréð secgum swá þín sefa hwette.' of your glorious victories to the soldiers, as your heart urges.'
Þá wæs Géatmæcgum geador ætsomne Then the Geatish men were gathered together
on béorsele benc gerýmed in the beer-hall, room was made on a bench,
þaér swíðferhþe sittan éodon there the strong-souled went to sit down,
þrýðum dealle þegn nytte behéold proud in prowess a thane performed his office,
sé þe on handa bær hroden ealowaége he who in his hands bore an ornate ale-cup,
scencte scír wered· scop hwílum sang decanted pure sweet mead; a bard sang from time to time
hádor on Heorote· þaér wæs hæleða dréam, clear in Heorot; there was joy of heroes,
duguð unlýtel Dena ond Wedera. no small host of Danes and Wederas. VIII Hunferð maþelode Ecgláfes bearn Unferth spoke, the son of Edgelaf, þe æt fótum sæt fréan Scyldinga· who sat at the feet of the lord of the Scyldings;
onband beadurúne --wæs him Béowulfes síð he unbound battle-runes --for him was the venture of Beowulf,
módges merefaran micel æfþunca brave seafarer's, a source of great displeasure,
forþon þe hé ne úþe þæt aénig óðer man because he did not grant that any other man
aéfre maérða þon má middangeardes ever glorious deeds the more on middle-earth
gehédde under heofenum þonne hé sylfa--: heeded under the heavens than he himself--:
'Eart þú sé Béowulf sé þe wið Brecan wunne 'Are you the Beowulf, who contested against Breca on sídne saé ymb sund flite? on the broad sea, contended around the ocean-sound?
Ðaér git for wlence wada cunnedon Where you for bravado tempted the waters
ond for dolgilpe on déop wæter and for a foolish boast in deep sea
aldrum néþdon né inc aénig mon risked your lives, you no man
né léof né láð beléan mihte --neither friend nor foe-- could dissuade
sorhfullne síð þa git on sund réön· from that sorrowful jaunt, when you rowed into the strait;
þaér git éagorstréam earmum þehton· there you sea-currents in your arms embraced,
maéton merestraéta mundum brugdon· traversed the ocean-roads, with hands wove,
glidon ofer gársecg· geofon ýþum gliding over the sea; the ocean in waves
wéol wintrys wylm· git on wæteres aéht welled, in winter's swells; you in the water's grasp
seofon niht swuncon· hé þé æt sunde oferflát· toiled for seven nights; he got the better of you on the sea,
hæfde máre mægen. Þá hine on morgentíd he had more might. Then he in the morning
on Heaþo-Raémes holm up ætbær· on Heatho-Reams' shore was cast up by the sea;
ðonon hé gesóhte swaésne éðel, thence he sought his own homeland,
léof his léodum, lond Brondinga dear to his people, the land of the Brondings,
freoðoburh fægere þaér hé folc áhte the fair citadel, he had folk there,
burh ond béagas· béot eal wið þé boroughs and rings; the entire boast with you
sunu Béanstánes sóðe gelaéste. the son of Beanstan truly fulfilled.
Ðonne wéne ic tó þé wyrsan geþingea I expect then for you worse results,
ðéah þú heaðoraésa gehwaér dohte though you in war-assaults everywhere prevailed,
grimre gúðe gif þú Grendles dearst grim combat, if you for Grendel dare
nihtlongne fyrst néän bídan.' the space of a night nearby wait.'
Béowulf maþelode bearn Ecgþéowes: Beowulf spoke, the son of Edgetheow:
'Hwæt, þú worn fela, wine mín Hunferð, 'Listen, you a great deal --Unferth, my friend,
béore druncen ymb Brecan spraéce· drunk on beer-- have spoken about Breca,
sægdest from his síðe. Sóð ic talige told of his journey. Truth I claim
þæt ic merestrengo máran áhte that I sea-strength greater had,
earfeþo on ýþum ðonne aénig óþer man· hardship on the waves, than any other man;
wit þæt gecwaédon cnihtwesende we had it agreed, being lads,
ond gebéotedon --waéron bégen þá git and vowed --being both then still
on geogoðféore-- þæt wit on gársecg út in the years of youth-- that we out on the ocean
aldrum néðdon ond þæt geæfndon swá. our lives would risk, and thus that we did.
Hæfdon swurd nacod þá wit on sund réön We had naked swords when we rowed on the ocean-sound,
heard on handa: wit unc wið hronfixas hard in our hands: we ourselves against whales
werian þóhton· nó hé wiht fram mé planned to defend; not a whit from me was he
flódýþum feor fléotan meahte on the sea-waves far able to float,
hraþor on holme· nó ic fram him wolde· swifter on water, nor did I wish to part from him;
ðá wit ætsomne on saé waéron then we together were on the sea,
fíf nihta fyrst oþ þæt unc flód tódráf for the space of five nights, until the sea-waves drove us apart,
wado weallende wedera cealdost the water welling, the coldest of weathers,
nípende niht ond norþanwind the darkening night and the north wind
heaðogrim ondhwearf· hréo waéron ýþa· fierce turned against us; wild were the waves;
wæs merefixa mód onhréred· then was the sea-fishes' wrath roused;
þaér mé wið láðum lícsyrce mín there me against foes my body-shirt
heard hondlocen helpe gefremede· strong and hand-linked, did me help,
beadohrægl bróden on bréostum læg my battle-garment braided lay on my breast,
golde gegyrwed· mé tó grunde téah adorned with gold; to the bottom of the sea I was drawn
fáh féondscaða· fæste hæfde by the hostile foe-scather, it held me fast,
grim on grápe· hwæþre mé gyfeþe wearð cruel in grip; however, to it was granted
þæt ic áglaécan orde geraéhte that I the monster reached with my point,
hildebille· heaþoraés fornam with battle-bill; in the battle-rush I destroyed
mihtig meredéor þurh míne hand. the mighty sea-beast with my hand. VIIII Swá mec gelóme láðgetéonan Thus me often hateful attackers
þréatedon þearle· ic him þénode pressed sorely; I served them
déoran sweorde swá hit gedéfe wæs· with my dear sword, as it was fitting;
næs híe ðaére fylle geféan hæfdon they the feast did not have rejoicing,
mánfordaédlan þæt híe mé þégon· those perpetrators of crime, that they partook of me,
symbel ymbsaéton saégrunde néah sitting round a banquet near the sea-bed
ac on mergenne mécum wunde but in the morning by maiche-swords wounded,
be ýðláfe uppe laégon along what is left by the waves up they lay
sweordum áswefede þæt syðþan ná put to sleep by swords, so that never since
ymb brontne ford brimlíðende on the high waterway sea-travellers
láde ne letton. Léoht éastan cóm way did not hinder. Light came from the east,
beorht béacen godes· brimu swaþredon bright beacon of God, the sea became still,
þæt ic saénæssas geséon mihte so that I the headlands was able to see,
windige weallas. Wyrd oft nereð windswept walls. Fate often spares
unfaégne eorl þonne his ellen déah. the hero not fated to die when his courage endures.
Hwæþere mé gesaélde þæt ic mid sweorde ofslóh However it was my good fortune that I with my sword slew
niceras nigene· nó ic on niht gefrægn nine of the nicors; I have not heard by night
under heofones hwealf heardran feohtan under heaven's vault of a more grievous fight,
né on égstréamum earmran mannon· nor on the water-streams of a more wretched man;
hwaþere ic fára feng féore gedígde yet I the foes' grasp survived with my life,
siþes wérig· ðá mec saé oþbær weary from my venture; then the sea bore me off
flód æfter faroðe on Finna land flood following current onto the land of the Lapps,
wudu weallendu. Nó ic wiht fram þé the tossing boat. Not a whit of thee
swylcra searoníða secgan hýrde in such strife of conflict have I heard told,
billa brógan· Breca naéfre gít of bill-blade terror; Breca never yet
æt heaðoláce né gehwæþer incer at battle-play, nor either of you,
swá déorlíce daéd gefremede so boldly performed a deed
fágum sweordum --nó ic þæs gylpe-- with bright swords --I do not boast of this--
þéah ðú þínum bróðrum tó banan wurde nevertheless, you your brothers' killer were,
héafodmaégum· þæs þú in helle scealt near relatives; for that you must with Hel
werhðo dreogan þéah þín wit duge· suffer torment, though your mind is strong;
secge ic þé to sóðe, sunu Ecgláfes, I say to you in truth, son of Edgelaf,
þæt naéfre Grendel swá fela gryra gefremede that Grendel would have never so many atrocities committed,
atol aéglaéca ealdre þínum, --that terrible demon-- to your leader,
hýnðo on Heorote gif þín hige waére humiliation on Heorot, if your heart were,
sefa swá searogrim swá þú self talast and your spirit so battle-fierce as you yourself tell
ac hé hafað onfunden þæt hé þá faéhðe ne þearf but he has found that the fight he needs not,
atole ecgþræce éower léode that terrible storm of sword-edges of your nation,
swíðe onsittan Sige-Scyldinga· greatly to dread, of the Victory-Scyldings;
nymeð nýdbáde· naénegum árað he takes a forced toll, spares none
léode Deniga ac hé lust wigeð· of the Danish people, but he carries on his delight,
swefeð ond sendeþ· secce ne wéneþ slaying and despatching, he does not expect contest
tó Gár-Denum. Ac ic him Géata sceal from the Spear-Danes. But I shall him the Geats'
eafoð ond ellen ungeára nú might and courage, before long now,
gúþe gebéodan· gaéþ eft, sé þe mót offer in war; a man will be able to go back,
tó medo módig siþþan morgenléoht to mead bravely, when the morning-light
ofer ylda bearn óþres dógores over the sons of men of another day,
sunne sweglwered súþan scíneð.' the sun clad in radiance, shines from the south.'
Þá wæs on sálum sinces brytta Then was joyful the dispenser of treasures,
gamolfeax ond gúðróf géoce gelýfde with wizened hair and brave in battle for support he trusted
brego Beorht-Dena gehýrde on Béowulfe the lord of the Bright-Danes heard in Beowulf
folces hyrde fæstraédne geþóht· the guardian of the folk, firmly-resolved intent;
ðaér wæs hæleþa hleahtor· hlyn swynsode· There was the laughter of heroes, the noise made melody,
word waéron wynsume. Éode Wealhþéow forð words were joyful. Wealhtheow came forth,
cwén Hróðgáres cynna gemyndig Hrothgar's queen, mindful of etiquette,
grétte goldhroden guman on healle greeted, gold-adorned, the men in the hall
ond þá fréolíc wíf ful gesealde and then the noble lady gave out full cups,
aérest Éast-Dena éþelwearde· first to the East-Danes homeland-guardian,
bæd hine blíðne æt þaére béorþege bade him be blithe at the partaking of beer,
léodum léofne· hé on lust geþeah beloved by the people; he took in delight
symbel ond seleful sigeróf kyning· feast-food and hall-cup, the victorious king;
ymb-éode þá ides Helminga then she went among them, the lady of the Helmings,
duguþe ond geogoþe daél aéghwylcne· to veteran and youth a portion to each,
sincfato sealde oþ þæt saél álamp gave rich cups, until the time came
þæt hío Béowulfe, béaghroden cwén that she to Beowulf, the ring-adorned queen,
móde geþungen medoful ætbær· blossoming in spirit, carried a mead-cup;
grétte Géata léod· gode þancode she greeted the Geatish prince, thanked God,
wísfæst wordum þæs ðe hire se willa gelamp wise in her words, for that her wish was to be fulfilled,
þæt héo on aénigne eorl gelýfde that she in any noble man could count on
fyrena frófre. Hé þæt ful geþeah relief from wickedness. He took that full-cup,
wælréow wiga æt Wealhþéön the slaughter-fierce warrior from Wealhtheow,
ond þá gyddode gúþe gefýsed· and then spoke solemnly, made eager for war;
Béowulf maþelode bearn Ecgþéowes: Beowulf spoke, the son of Edgetheow:
'Ic þæt hogode· þá ic on holm gestáh· 'I resolved that, when I mounted the water,
saébát gesæt mid mínra secga gedriht· sat down in the sea-boat amid my company of warriors,
þaét ic ánunga éowra léoda that I forthwith your people's
willan geworhte oþðe on wæl crunge will would work, or fall in slaughter,
féondgrápum fæst· ic gefremman sceal fast in the fiend's grasp; I must perform
eorlíc ellen oþðe endedæg this daring act of courage or the last day
on þisse meoduhealle mínne gebídan.' in this mead-hall of mine await.'
Ðám wífe þá word wél lícodon The woman these words liked well,
gilpcwide Géates· éode goldhroden the vow-speech of the Geat; went gold-adorned,
fréolicu folccwén tó hire fréan sittan. the noble queen of the folk, to sit by her lord.
Þá wæs eft swá aér inne on healle Then were again, as before, in the hall,
þrýðword sprecen, ðéod on saélum, bold words spoken, the people full of joy,
sigefolca swég oþ þæt semninga --victory-folk's clamour-- until presently
sunu Healfdenes sécean wolde the son of Half-Dane wished to seek
aéfenræste· wiste þaém áhlaécan evening-rest; he knew that the ogre
tó þaém héahsele hilde geþinged for the high hall had plotted an attack,
siððan híe sunnan léoht geséon meahton ever since when they the sun's light could see;
oþðe nípende niht ofer ealle and darkening night all over,
scaduhelma gesceapu scríðan cwóman shadow-helm's shapes came slithering,
wan under wolcnum. Werod eall árás· black beneath the skies. The troop all arose;
gegrétte þá guma guman óþerne greeted then the man the other man,
Hróðgár Béowulf ond him haél ábéad Hrothgar Beowulf, and bid him health,
wínærnes geweald ond þæt word ácwæð: the wine-hall's ruler, and spoke these words:
'Naéfre ic aénegum men aér álýfde· 'I never to any man before entrusted,
siþðan ic hond ond rond hebban mihte· since I hand and shield was able to raise,
ðrýþærn Dena búton þé nú ðá· this strong-hall of the Danes, save to thee now;
hafa nú ond geheald húsa sélest· have now and hold this best of houses,
gemyne maérþo· mægenellen cýð· focus on glory, show great valour,
waca wið wráþum· ne bið þé wilna gád keep watch against the enemy; there shall be no dearth of your desires
gif þú þæt ellenweorc aldre gedígest.' if this courage-work you survive with your life.' X Ðá him Hróþgár gewát mid his hæleþa gedryht Then Hrothgar went with his band of heroes,
eodur Scyldinga út of healle· the protector of the Scyldings, out of the hall;
wolde wígfruma Wealhþéo sécan he wished to seek Wealhtheow,
cwén tó gebeddan· hæfde kyningwuldor the queen as companion in bed; the glory of kings had,
Grendle tógéanes· swá guman gefrungon· against Grendel, --so men heard--
seleweard áseted: sundornytte behéold the hall-guard posted: special duty he held
ymb aldor Dena· eotonweard' ábéad. for the chief of the Danes, ogre-watch he kept.
Húru Géata léod georne trúwode Indeed the prince of the Geats keenly trusted
módgan mægnes, metodes hyldo in his prodigious power, his Maker's favour,
ðá hé him of dyde ísernbyrnan then he from himself took iron-byrnie,
helm of hafelan· sealde his hyrsted sweord helm from head, gave his adorned sword,
írena cyst ombihtþegne the choicest of irons, to his retainer,
ond gehealdan hét hildegeatwe· and commanded him ward his battle-gear;
gespræc þá se góda gylpworda sum the good man spoke then some promise-words,
Béowulf Géata aér hé on bed stige: Beowulf of the Geats, before he stepped into bed:
'Nó ic mé an herewæsmun hnágran talige 'I myself in martial-stature do not tally poorer
gúþgeweorca þonne Grendel hine· in works of war then Grendel himself;
forþan ic hine sweorde swebban nelle, therefore him with my sword I shall not slay,
aldre benéotan þéah ic eal mæge· deprive of life, though I fully am able;
nát hé þára góda þæt hé mé ongéan sléä· he knows not the finer skills that he may strike me back,
rand gehéawe þéah ðe hé róf síe hew my rimmed-shield, although he is renowned
níþgeweorca ac wit on niht sculon for malicious works but we at night must
secge ofersittan gif hé gesécean dear relinquish short sword if he dares to seek
wíg ofer waépen ond siþðan wítig god war without weapons, and then wise God,
on swá hwæþere hond hálig dryhten on whichever hand, the holy Lord
maérðo déme swá him gemet þince.' will allot glory, as seems fitting to Him.'
Hylde hine þá heaþodéor --hléorbolster onféng The war-bold one then bent himself down --the cheek-bolster received
eorles andwlitan-- ond hine ymb monig the earl's face-- and round him many
snellíc saérinc selereste gebéah· brave seaman sank down in hall-slumber;
naénig heora þóhte þæt hé þanon scolde none of them thought that he thence would
eft eardlufan aéfre gesécean his dear home again ever visit,
folc oþðe fréoburh þaér hé áféded wæs his folk or his noble citadel, where he was nurtured
ac híe hæfdon gefrúnen þæt híe aér tó fela micles for they had heard that far too many of them already
in þaém wínsele wældéað fornam in that wine-hall slaughtering Death had carried off
Denigea léode. Ac him dryhten forgeaf of the Danish people. But to them the Lord granted
wígspéda gewiofu Wedera léodum the woven-destiny of war-luck to the Wederas' men,
frófor ond fultum þæt híe féond heora solace and support, that they their foe,
ðurh ánes cræft ealle ofercómon through the strength of one, all overcame,
selfes mihtum· sóð is gecýþed, by his own might; truth is known
þæt mihtig god manna cynnes that mighty God mankind
weold wídeferhð. Cóm on wanre niht has ruled forever. In the colourless night came
scríðan sceadugenga· scéotend swaéfon slinking the shadow-wanderer; the shooters slept, þá þæt hornreced healdan scoldon they that the horned-house were obliged to guard,
ealle búton ánum --þæt wæs yldum cúþ all but one --it was known to men
þæt híe ne móste· þá metod nolde· that they could not, when the Maker did not wish it,
se synscaþa under sceadu bregdan-- by the malefactor be drawn under the shadows--
ac hé wæccende wráþum on andan but he watching in angry indignation
bád bolgenmód beadwa geþinges. bided in rising rage for the result of battle. XI Ðá cóm of móre under misthleoþum Then came from the moor under the misty cliffs
Grendel gongan· godes yrre bær· Grendel walking, God's wrath he bore; mynte se mánscaða manna cynnes the vile ravager meant from mankind
sumne besyrwan in sele þám héan· a sample to snare in the high hall;
wód under wolcnum tó þæs þe hé wínreced he waded under the clouds until he the wine-hall,
goldsele gumena gearwost wisse --the gold-hall of men-- mostly-certainly saw,
faéttum fáhne· ne wæs þæt forma síð shining gold; it was not the first time
þæt hé Hróþgáres hám gesóhte· that he Hrothgar's home had sought;
naéfre hé on aldordagum aér ne siþðan he never in the days of his life, ere nor after,
heardran haéle healðegnas fand. harder luck or hall-thanes found. Cóm þá to recede rinc síðian He came then to the hall the fighter journeying,
dréamum bedaéled· duru sóna onarn cut-off from merriment; the door soon rushed open,
fýrbendum fæst syþðan hé hire folmum æthrán firm with fire-forged bands, when he tapped it with his hands
onbraéd þá bealohýdig ðá hé gebolgen wæs, plotting evil then he tore open, now that he was enraged,
recedes múþan· raþe æfter þon the mouth of the building; straight after that
on fágne flór féond treddode· on the tessellated floor the fiend treaded,
éode yrremód· him of éagum stód advanced angrily; from his eyes issued,
ligge gelícost léoht unfaéger· most like a flame, a distorted light;
geseah hé in recede rinca manige he saw in the hall many warriors
swefan sibbegedriht samod ætgædere a sleeping company of kinsmen gathered together
magorinca héap. Þá his mód áhlóg: a great host of warriors. Then his heart laughed: mynte þæt hé gedaélde aér þon dæg cwóme he intended to deprive, ere the day came,
atol áglaéca ánra gehwylces the cruel beast, from each one
líf wið líce þá him álumpen wæs life from body, now had befallen him
wistfylle wén. Ne wæs þæt wyrd þá gén a hope of a full feast. It was not his fate again
þæt hé má móste manna cynnes that he might more of mankind
ðicgean ofer þá niht· þrýðswýð behéold partake of after that night; the mighty man beheld,
maég Higeláces hú se mánscaða the kinsman of Hygelac, how the cruel killer
under faérgripum gefaran wolde. by means of a sudden attack wished to proceed.
Né þæt se áglaéca yldan þóhte That the monster did not think to delay,
ac hé geféng hraðe forman síðe but he quickly grasped, at the first occasion,
slaépendne rinc slát unwearnum· a sleeping warrior, rended without restraint,
bát bánlocan· blód édrum dranc· bit into the bone-locks, from the veins drank blood,
synsnaédum swealh· sóna hæfde swallowed great chunks; soon he had
unlyfigendes ealgefeormod the unliving one all devoured,
fét ond folma· forð néar ætstóp· feet and hands; nearer he stepped forth,
nam þá mid handa higeþíhtigne taking then with his hands a stout-hearted
rinc on ræste· raéhte ongéan warrior from his rest, reached towards him
féond mid folme· hé onféng hraþe the foe with his palm; quickly he grasped
inwitþancum ond wið earm gesæt. the malice thoughts and clamped down on the arm.
Sóna þæt onfunde fyrena hyrde· At once he found, the shepherd of atrocities,
þæt hé ne métte middangeardes that he had not met in middle-earth,
eorþan scéatta on elran men in the expanse of the world, in another man
mundgripe máran· hé on móde wearð a greater hand-grip; he in his heart grew
forht on ferhðe· nó þý aér fram meahte· fearing for life; none the sooner could he away;
hyge wæs him hinfús· wolde on heolster fléon, eager-to-go-hence was the thought in him, he wanted to flee into the darkness,
sécan déofla gedræg· ne wæs his drohtoð þaér to seek the devils' concourse; his situation there was not
swylce hé on ealderdagum aér gemétte. like he in the days of his life ever had met.
Gemunde þá se góda maég Higeláces The good man then recalled, the kinsman of Hygelac,
aéfenspraéce· uplang ástód his evening-speech; upright he stood
ond him fæste wiðféng· fingras burston· and laid hold of him tight; fingers burst;
eoten wæs útweard· eorl furþur stóp. the troll was striving to move outward, the earl stepped forward.
Mynte se maéra hwaér hé meahte swá The infamous one meant, anywhere he so was able,
wídre gewindan ond on weg þanon farther escape and away thence
fléon on fenhopu· wiste his fingra geweald flee to his secret places in the fen; he knew his fingers' control
on grames grápum· þæt he wæs géocorsíð in his enemy's grip, that was a bitter journey he
þæt sé hearmscaþa to Heorute átéah. that the harm-warrior had taken to Heorot.
Dryhtsele dynede· Denum eallum wearð The noble hall broke into a din; the Danes all were,
ceasterbúendum cénra gehwylcum --the citadel-dwellers-- each of the bold,
eorlum ealuscerwen· yrre waéron bégen earls in the flood of bitter drink; enraged were both
réþe renweardas· reced hlynsode. fierce hall-wards; the hall resounded.
Þá wæs wundor micel þæt se wínsele Then it was a great wonder that the wine-hall
wiðhæfde heaþodéorum· þæt hé on hrúsan ne féol withstood the war-fighters, that it did not fall to the ground,
faéger foldbold ac hé þæs fæste wæs the fair mansion but it so firm was
innan ond útan írenbendum inside and out with iron-bands
searoþoncum besmiþod· þaér fram sylle ábéag skilfully smithed; there from the floor broke away
medubenc monig míne gefraége many mead-benches, I heard,
golde geregnad þaér þá graman wunnon· adorned with gold, where the enemies struggled;
þæs ne wéndon aér witan Scyldinga· it was not thought before, by the sages of the Scyldings,
þæt hit á mid gemete manna aénig that it ever by means any men
betlíc ond bánfág tóbrecan meahte, splendid and bone-adorned, could break it up,
listum tólúcan nymþe líges fæþm cleverly cleave asunder, not unless fire's embrace
swulge on swaþule. Swég up ástág swallowed it in inferno. Sound ascended up,
níwe geneahhe· Norð-Denum stód new, nearby: the North-Danes stood
atelíc egesa ánra gehwylcum in ghastly horror, in each one of
þára þe of wealle wóp gehýrdon, them who from the wall weeping heard,
gryreléoð galan godes andsacan terrible screaming, God's adversary,
sigeléasne sang, sár wánigean a victoryless song, bewailing his wound,
helle hæfton· héold hine fæste Hel's prisoner; he held him fast,
sé þe manna wæs mægene strengest he who was of men in might strongest
on þaém dæge þysses lífes. on that day in this life. XII sydaudio Nolde eorla hléo aénige þinga The protector of earls had no wish for any reason
þone cwealmcuman cwicne forlaétan the murderous guest to release alive,
né his lífdagas léoda aénigum nor his life-days to any people
nytte tealde. Þær genehost brægd counted as advantage. There many brandished
eorl Béowulfes ealde láfe· warriors of Beowulf, old heirlooms,
wolde fréadrihtnes feorh ealgian they wished prince-lord's life defend,
maéres þéodnes ðaér híe meahton swá· the legendary leader's, if they could do so;
híe þæt ne wiston þá híe gewin drugon they did not know that, when they joined the fray,
heardhicgende hildemecgas the bold-minded battle-men,
ond on healfa gehwone héawan þóhton, and on each side thought to heaw,
sáwle sécan: þone synscaðan to seek the soul: that the sin-scather
aénig ofer eorþan írenna cyst any on earth, of the choicest of irons,
gúðbilla nán grétan nolde of war-bills, none, could not at all greet him
ac hé sigewaépnum forsworen hæfde but he victory-weapons had forsworn,
ecga gehwylcre. Scolde his aldorgedál every blade-edge. His life-severing was bound to
on ðaém dæge þysses lífes on that day in this life
earmlíc wurðan ond se ellorgást be wretched, and the alien-spirit
on féonda geweald feor síðian· into the administration of fiends would journey far away;
ðá þæt onfunde sé þe fela aéror then he found, he who before many,
módes myrðe manna cynne miseries in his mind, on mankind
fyrene gefremede --he, fág wið god-- atrocities committed --he, who fought with God--
þæt him se líchoma laéstan nolde that him his body-shell would not obey,
ac hine se módega maég Hygeláces but him the daring kinsman of Hygelac
hæfde be honda· wæs gehwæþer óðrum had by the hand; each was by the other
lifigende láð· lícsár gebád loathed while living; body-pain he felt,
atol aéglaéca· him on eaxle wearð the awful ogre; on his shoulder was
syndolh sweotol· seonowe onsprungon· a great wound apparent, sinows sprang asunder,
burston bánlocan· Béowulfe wearð bone-locks burst; to Beowulf was
gúðhréð gyfeþe· scolde Grendel þonan war-glory given; thence Grendel had to
feorhséoc fléön under fenhleoðu, flee sick unto death under the hills of the fen,
sécean wynléas wíc· wiste þé geornor to seek his joyless abode; he knew it more surely
þæt his aldres wæs ende gegongen that was his life's end arrived,
dógera dægrím. Denum eallum wearð the day-count of his days. For the Danes were all,
æfter þám wælraése willa gelumpen: after that slaughter-storm, wishes come to pass:
hæfde þá gefaélsod sé þe aér feorran cóm he had then cleansed, he who had before come from afar,
snotor ond swýðferhð sele Hróðgáres, shrewd and strong-minded, the hall of Hrothgar,
genered wið níðe· nihtweorce gefeh rescued from ruin; in his night's work he rejoiced,
ellenmaérþum· hæfde Éast-Denum in valour from great deeds; to the East-Danes had
Géatmecga léod gilp gelæsted· the Geatmen's leader, his oath fulfilled;
swylce oncýþðe ealle gebétte so too anguish all remedied,
inwidsorge þé híe aér drugon grievous sorrow, that they had ere endured,
ond for þréanýdum þolian scoldon and in hard distress had to suffer,
torn unlýtel· þæt wæs tácen sweotol no small misery; that was a clear sign,
syþðan hildedéor hond álegde when the battle-bold one the hand placed,
earm ond eaxle --þaér wæs eal geador arm and shoulder --there was all together
Grendles grápe-- under géapne hróf. the grip of Grendel-- under the gaping roof. XIII Ðá wæs on morgen míne gefraége Then was in the morning, as I heard tell,
ymb þá gifhealle gúðrinc monig about the gift-hall many warriors,
férdon folctogan feorran ond néän folk-chiefs arrived from far and near
geond wídwegas wundor scéawian across wide regions to behold the wonder,
láþes lástas· nó his lífgedál the foe's foot-prints; his parting from life did not
sárlíc þúhte secga aénegum seem mournful to any man
þára þe tírléases trode scéawode· of those who the gloryless foe's track observed,
hú hé wérigmód on weg þanon how he weary away thence,
níða ofercumen on nicera mere vanquished by violence, to the nicors' mere
faége ond geflýmed feorhlástas bær. doomed and driven back left behind life-trails.
Ðaér wæs on blóde brim weallende, There with blood was the water seething,
atol ýða geswing eal gemenged terrible swirling of swells all mingled
háton heolfre heorodréore wéol· with boiling gore, with sword-blood it welled,
déaðfaége déog siððan dréama léas doomed to die he hid himself, then, bereft of pleasure,
in fenfreoðo feorh álegde in his fen-refuge he laid down his life,
haéþene sáwle· þaér him hel onféng. his heathen soul; there Hel embraced him.
Þanon eft gewiton ealdgesíðas Thence returned old companions,
swylce geong manig of gomenwáþe also many young, from the sport-chase,
fram mere módge méarum rídan from the mere full-spirited, riding horses,
beornas on blancum· ðaér wæs Béowulfes warriors on fair steeds, there was Beowulf's
maérðo maéned· monig oft gecwæð glory proclaimed; many often said
þætte súð né norð be saém twéonum that neither south nor north between the seas
ofer eormengrund óþer naénig over the whole vast earth, no other
under swegles begong sélra naére under the sky's expanse was ne're better
rondhæbbendra, ríces wyrðra· shield-bearer, of a worthier kingdom;
né híe húru winedrihten wiht ne lógon nor, however, the friend and lord, did they blame at all,
glædne Hróðgár ac þæt wæs gód cyning. gracious Hrothgar, for he was a good king.
Hwílum heaþorófe hléapan léton At times the brave warriors let leap,
on geflit faran fealwe méaras in a contest raced fallow horses,
ðaér him foldwegas fægere þúhton where to them the earth-roads seemed suitable,
cystum cúðe. Hwílum cyninges þegn and known to be the best. At times the king's thane,
guma gilphlæden gidda gemyndig a man laden with fine speech, remembering songs,
sé ðe ealfela ealdgesegena he who very many of ancient traditions
worn gemunde word óþer fand recalled scores, found new words
sóðe gebunden· secg eft ongan bound in truth; the man then began
síð Béowulfes snyttrum styrian Beowulf's exploit skilfully to recite,
ond on spéd wrecan spel geráde, and artfully utter an adept tale,
wordum wrixlan· wélhwylc gecwæð varying his words; he spoke of almost everything
þæt hé fram Sigemunde secgan hyrde that he of Sigmund had heard said, ellendaédum: uncúþes fela of his deeds of glory: many uncanny things,
Wælsinges gewin wíde síðas the striving of Wael's son, his great journeys;
þára þe gumena bearn gearwe ne wiston those things of which the childen of men by no means knew,
faéhðe ond fyrena búton Fitela mid hine, feuds and feats of arms, only Fitela with him,
þonne hé swulces hwæt secgan wolde then he of such matters was wont to speak of,
éäm his nefan swá híe á waéron uncle to his nephew, as they always were
æt níða gehwám nýdgesteallan· in every conflict comrades in need;
hæfdon ealfela eotena cynnes they had a great many of the giantkind
sweordum gesaéged· Sigemunde gesprong laid low with swords; for Sigmund arose,
æfter déaðdæge dóm unlýtel after the day of his death, no little fame,
syþðan wíges heard wyrm ácwealde since the fierce warrior had quelled the great serpent,
hordes hyrde· hé under hárne stán the keeper of a hoard; beneath the hoary grey stone he,
æþelinges bearn ána genéðde the prince's son, alone ventured
frécne daéde ne waés him Fitela mid· a dangerous deed, Fitela was not with him;
hwæþre him gesaélde ðæt þæt swurd þurhwód however it was granted him that the sword pierced
wraétlícne wyrm þæt hit on wealle ætstód the wondrous wyrm, so that it stood fixed in the wall,
dryhtlíc íren· draca morðre swealt· the noble iron; the dragon perished in the slaughter;
hæfde áglaéca elne gegongen the fearsome one had ensured by courage
þæt hé béahhordes brúcan móste that he the ring-hoard might possess
selfes dóme· saébát gehléod· at his own chosing; he loaded the sea-boat,
bær on bearm scipes beorhte frætwa bore in the bosom of his ship the gleaming treasures,
Wælses eafera --wyrm hát gemealt-- Wael's son --the wyrm in its heat melted--
sé wæs wreccena wíde maérost he was of adventurers the most widely famed
ofer werþéode wígendra hléo among nations, the warriors' protector,
ellendaédum --hé þæs aér onðáh-- for deeds of valour --he had prospered by this--
siððan Heremódes hild sweðrode, since Heremod's skirmishing had abated,
earfoð ond ellen· he mid eotenum wearð affliction and spirit; he among the Etins was
on féonda geweald forð forlácen into enemy hands given up,
snúde forsended· hine sorhwylmas quickly despatched; the surgings of sorrow him
lemede tó lange· hé his léodum wearð hindered too long; he to his people became,
eallum æþellingum tó aldorceare· to all of the nobels, a great mortal sorrow;
swylce oft bemearn aérran maélum moreover they often mourned, for in earlier times,
swíðferhþes síð snotor ceorl monig the departure of the stouted-hearted king, many learnèd sages
sé þe him bealwa tó bóte gelýfde who to him for miseries' remedy had trusted and believed
þæt þæt ðéodnes bearn geþéon scolde, that that prince's son must prosper,
fæderæþelum onfón, folc gehealdan take up his father's rank, rule the folk,
hord ond hléoburh hæleþa ríce their treasury and citadel, the heroes' kingdom,
éðel Scyldinga· hé þaér eallum wearð homeland of the Scyldings; he by all became,
maég Higeláces manna cynne the kinsman of Hygelac, by mankind,
fréondum gefægra· hine fyren onwód. more esteemed; wickedness undid him.
Hwílum flítende fealwe straéte Now and then racing, dusky streets
méarum maéton. Ðá waés morgenléoht on their mounts they traversed. Then was the morning light
scofen ond scynded· éode scealc monig hurried and hastened; many retainers went
swíðhicgende tó sele þám héan determined to the high hall
searowundor séon· swylce self cyning to see the strange wonder; the king himself too
of brýdbúre béahhorda weard from his wife's bower, the ward of the ring-hoard,
tryddode tírfæst getrume micle stepped out splendid with his great troop,
cystum gecýþed ond his cwén mid him famed for his excellence, and his queen with him,
medostigge mæt mægþa hóse. passed down the meadhall-path, accompanied by maidens. XIIII Hróðgár maþelode --hé to héalle géong· Hrothgar spoke --he went to the hall,
stód on stapole· geseah stéapne hróf stood on the steps, observed the steep roof
golde fáhne ond Grendles hond--: adorned with gold and Grendel's hand--:
'Ðisse ansýne alwealdan þanc 'For this sight Thanks to the All-Ruler
lungre gelimpe! Fela ic láþes gebád, be swiftly forthcoming! I have suffered many injuries,
grynna æt Grendle· á mæg god wyrcan griefs from Grendel; God can always work
wunder æfter wundre, wuldres hyrde. wonder after wonder, glory's Keeper.
Ðaét wæs ungeára þæt ic aénigra mé It was not long past that I for me any
wéana ne wénde tó wídan feore for woes not hoped for the bredth of my life,
bóte gebídan þonne blóde fáh to experience remedy when adorned with blood
húsa sélest heorodréorig stód: the most splendid house stood battle-gory:
wéa wídscofen witena gehwylcne woe widespread for each of the sages
ðára þe ne wéndon þæt híe wídeferhð those who did not hope that in the span of their lives
léoda landgeweorc láþum beweredon the nation's fortress from foes they could protect,
scuccum ond scinnum· ná scealc hafað from shucks and shines; now a warrior has,
þurh drihtnes miht daéd gefremede through the Lord's power, performed a deed
ðe wé ealle aér ne meahton which we all before could not
snyttrum besyrwan· hwæt, þæt secgan mæg with schemes contrive; listen, that may say
efne swá hwylc mægþa swá ðone magan cende even so whichever woman as that begot this man,
æfter gumcynnum gyf héo gýt lyfað among mankind, if she yet lives,
þæt hyre ealdmetod éste waére that to her the Old Measurer of Fate was gracious
bearngebyrdo. Nú ic, Béowulf, þec, in child-bearing. Now, I, Beowulf, you,
secg betosta, mé for sunu wylle the best of men, for me like a son would
fréogan on ferhþe· heald forð tela love in life; keep well henceforth
níwe sibbe· ne bið þé aénigre gád this new kinship; there will not be any want
worolde wilna þé ic geweald hæbbe· of worldly wishes while I have power;
ful oft ic for laéssan léan teohhode full oft I for less rewards have bestowed,
hordweorþunge hnáhran rince honouring with treasure a humbler man,
saémran æt sæcce· þú þé self hafast lesser at fighting; you for yourself have
daédum gefremed þæt þín dóm lyfað by deeds ensured, that your fame lives
áwa tó aldre· alwalda þec for ever and ever; may the All-Ruler you
góde forgylde swá hé nú gýt dyde!' reward with good, as He has now yet done!'
Béowulf maþelode bearn Ecgþéowes: Beowulf spoke, the son of Edgetheow:
'Wé þæt ellenweorc éstum miclum 'We the courage-works with great pleasure,
feohtan fremedon· frécne genéðdon endeavoured to fight, boldly risked
eafoð uncúþes. Úþe ic swíþor the strength of an unknown foe. I would rather
þæt ðú hine selfne geséon móste that you him himself might have seen,
féond on frætewum fylwérigne· the fiend in his full gear wearied by death;
ic him hrædlíce heardan clammum I him quickly in hard clasp
on wælbedde wríþan þóhte on the bed of slaughter thought to fetter,
þæt hé for handgripe mínum scolde that he because of the hand-grip of mine must
licgean lífbysig bútan his líc swice· lie struggling for life, lest his body slip away;
ic hine ne mihte þá metod nolde I him could not, when the Measurer of Fate did not wish it,
ganges getwaéman· nó ic him þæs georne ætfealh hinder departing; nor I so readily kept him close,
feorhgeníðlan· wæs tó foremihtig that mortal foe; he was too overpowering,
féond on féþe· hwæþere, hé his folme forlét the fiend in departing; however, he left his hand
tó lífwraþe lást weardian, to save his life, remaining behind,
earm ond eaxle· nó þaér aénige swá þéah arm and shoulder; not with it though any
féasceaft guma frófre gebohte· the worthless creature, relief purchased;
nó þý leng leofað láðgetéona not the longer does he live, the hateful spoiler,
synnum geswenced ac hyne sár hafað struck down by sins but him the wound has
in níðgripe nearwe befongen with violent grip narrowly enclosed
balwon bendum ðaér ábídan sceal in baleful bonds, there he must await,
maga máne fáh miclan dómes· the creature stained with crimes, the great judgement,
hú him scír metod scrífan wille.' how him the glorious Measure of Fate wishes to decree.'
Ðá wæs swígra secg sunu Ecgláfes Then the man was more silent, the son of Edgelaf,
on gylpspraéce gúðgeweorca in boast-speech of war-works
siþðan æþelingas eorles cræfte when the noble men, by the strength of the prince
ofer héanne hróf hand scéawedon over the high roof saw the hand,
feondes fingras· foran aéghwylc wæs the fiend's fingers; on the front of each was,
steda nægla gehwylc stýle gelícost in the place of each nail very much like steel
haéþenes handsporu hilderinces heathenish hand-spurs, the war-creature's
egl unhéoru· aéghwylc gecwæð ungentle talon; everyone said
þæt him heardra nán hrínan wolde that him no hard weapon would strike,
íren aérgód, þæt ðæs áhlaécan pre-eminent iron, that of them (none) the demon's
blódge beadufolme onberan wolde. bloody battle-hand would injure. XV Ðá wæs háten hreþe Heort innanweard Then the order was promptly given the interior of Heorot
folmum gefrætwod· fela þaéra wæs to furnish by hands; many there were,
wera ond wífa þe þæt wínreced of men and women, who the wine-hall,
gestsele gyredon· goldfág scinon the guest-hall prepared; gold-glittering shone
web æfter wágum wundorsíona fela woven tapestries along the walls, many wondrous sights
secga gehwylcum þára þe on swylc starað· for each of the men, who on such stared; wæs þæt beorhte bold tóbrocen swíðe that bright building was badly broken up
eal inneweard írenbendum fæst, all inside secure with iron-bands,
heorras tóhlidene· hróf ána genæs hinges sprung open; the roof alone remained
ealles ansund þé se áglaéca entirely sound, when the ogre,
fyrendaédum fág on fléam gewand guilty of wicked deeds turned in flight,
aldres orwéna. Nó þæt ýðe byð despairing of life. That is not easy
to befléönne --fremme sé þe wille-- to flee from --try he who will--
ac gesacan sceal sáwlberendra but he must gain by strife, those who have souls,
nýde genýdde, niþða bearna compelled by necessity, the mens' sons',
grundbúendra gearwe stówe the ground-dwellers' ready place,
þaér his líchoma legerbedde fæst there his body, fast in his death-bed,
swefeþ æfter symle. Þá wæs saél ond maél sleeps after feasting. Then it was the time and occasion
þæt tó healle gang Healfdenes sunu· that to the hall went Half-Dane's son;
wolde self cyning symbel þicgan· the king himself wished to partake of the feast;
ne gefrægen ic þá maégþe máran weorode I have not heard when a tribe in a greater force
ymb hyra sincgyfan sél gebaéran· around their treasure-giver comported themselves better;
bugon þá tó bence blaédágande they then sank down on the bench, the fame-bearers,
fylle gefaégon· fægere geþaégon rejoicing at the feast; they graciously received
medoful manig mágas þára many full goblets of mead, their kinsmen,
swíðhicgende on sele þám héan stout-hearted, in the high hall
Hróðgár ond Hróþulf· Heorot innan wæs Hrothgar and Hrothulf· the interior of Heorot was
fréondum áfylled· nalles fácenstafas filled with friends; no treacherous-strokes
Þéod-Scyldingas þenden fremedon. the Folk-Scyldings made as yet.
Forgeaf þá Béowulfe brand Healfdenes Then Beowulf was given the brand of Half-Dane,
segen gyldenne sigores tó léane the golden banner in reward of victory,
hroden hiltecumbor, helm ond byrnan· the adorned standard, helm and byrnie;
maére máðþumsweord manige gesáwon the renowned treasure-sword many saw
beforan beorn beran· Béowulf geþah brought before the hero; Beowulf took
ful on flette· nó hé þaére feohgyfte the full flagon from the floor; of the reward-gift he did not,
for scótenum scamigan ðorfte· as payment, need to be ashamed;
ne gefrægn ic fréondlícor féower mádmas I have not heard that more graciously four treasures,
golde gegyrede gummanna fela adorned with gold, many men
in ealobence óðrum gesellan· on ale-bench have given to others;
ymb þæs helmes hróf héafodbeorge around the helmet's roof --the head-guard--
wírum bewunden walan útan héold was wound with wires the re-inforced crest guarded from without,
þæt him féla láf frécne ne meahton that him what the files have left could not savagely,
scúrheard sceþðan þonne scyldfreca (could not) harm the wondrously-tempered (helm), when the shield-fighter
ongéan gramum gangan scolde. against enemies had to go.
Heht ðá eorla hléo eahta méaras The defender of earls then ordered eight horses,
faétedhléore on flet téön with decorated head-gear, led onto the hall-floor
in under eoderas· þára ánum stód in under the ramparts; one of them stood,
sadol searwum fáh since gewurþad· saddle skilfully adorned, ennobled with jewels;
þæt wæs hildesetl héahcyninges that was the battle-seat of the high king,
ðonne sweorda gelác sunu Healfdenes when in sword-play the son of Half-Dane
efnan wolde· naéfre on óre læg wished to engage; in the vanguard it never failed
wídcúþes wíg ðonne walu féollon· his warskill well-known, when the slain were falling;
ond ðá Béowulfe béga gehwæþres and then to Beowulf both of the treasures
eodor Ingwina onweald getéah the protector of the Friends of Ing bestowed possession,
wicga ond waépna· hét hine wél brúcan· horses and weapons; he ordered him to make good use of (them);
swá manlíce maére þéoden so in a manly manner the famed chieftain,
hordweard hæleþa heaþoraésas geald the hoard-ward of heroes, paid for war-clashes
méarum ond mádmum swá hý naéfre man lyhð in horses and treasures; thus, one can never find fault in them
sé þe secgan wile sóð æfter rihte. he who wishes to tell the truth according to what is right. XVI Ðá gýt aéghwylcum eorla drihten Then, furthermore, to each one of the earl's company
þára þe mid Béowulfe brimléade teah those with Beowulf travelled the sea-path,
on þære medubence máþðum gesealde on the mead-bench he gave treasures,
yrfeláfe ond þone aénne heht inherited relics, and the one man decreed
golde forgyldan þone ðe Grendel aér to requite in gold whom Grendel first
máne ácwealde swá hé hyra má wolde in wickedness quelled, as he would have more of them
nefne him wítig god wyrd forstóde except for them wise God that fate had prevented,
ond ðæs mannes mód. Metod eallum wéold and this man's courage. The Measure of Fate controlled all
gumena cynnes, swá hé nú gít déëð· for mankind, as he now still does;
forþan bið andgit aéghwaér sélest therefore understanding is best everywhere,
ferhðes foreþanc· fela sceal gebídan the forethought of mind; he must abide much
léofes ond láþes sé þe longe hér love and much hate he who long here
on ðyssum windagum worolde brúceð. in these days of strife would enjoy the world.
Þaér wæs sang ond swég samod ætgædere There was song and sound at the same time all together
fore Healfdenes hildewísan, before Half-Dane's battle-plotter,
gomenwudu gréted, gid oft wrecen the glee-wood plucked, a lay often recited
ðonne healgamen Hróþgáres scop when a hall-performance Hrothgar's bard æfter medobence maénan scolde: before the mead-bench was obliged to utter:
Finnes eaferum ðá híe se faér begeat concerning Finn's heirs, with whom, when disaster struck them,
hæleð Healfdena· Hnæf Scyldinga the hero of Half-Danes, Hnaef the Scylding,
in Fréswæle feallan scolde. on the Frisian battle-field was fated to fall.
Né húru Hildeburh herian þorfte Truly, Hildeburh did not have need to praise
eotena tréowe· unsynnum wearð the good faith of the Eotens; she was guiltless,
beloren léofum æt þám hildplegan bereft of her dear ones: --in the war-play--
bearnum ond bróðrum· híe on gebyrd hruron her son and brother; they fell, in accorance with Fate,
gáre wunde· þæt wæs geómuru ides. wounded by spear; that was a mournful woman.
Nalles hólinga Hóces dohtor Not without reason did Hoc's daughter
meotodsceaft bemearn syþðan morgen cóm grieve over Fate's decree, when the morning came,
ðá héo under swegle geséon meahte then she under the sky could see
morþorbealo mága þaér hé aér maéste héold the baleful slaughter of kinsmen, where before he had held the most
worolde wynne· wíg ealle fornam joy in the world, war took all
Finnes þegnas nemne féaum ánum of Finn's thanes, except a few alone,
þæt hé ne mehte on þaém meðelstede so that he could not in that meeting-place
wíg Hengeste wiht gefeohtan the clash with Hengest conclude at all,
né þá wéaláfe wíge forþringan nor the woeful remnant by battle dislodge from their position,
þéodnes ðegne ac hig him geþingo budon: the prince's thane, so they offered them settlement:
þæt híe him óðer flet eal gerýmdon that they for them the other dwelling would completely clear,
healle ond héahsetl þæt híe healfre geweald hall and high seat, that they would half of it control
wið eotena bearn ágan móston with the Eotens' sons might have,
ond æt feohgyftum Folcwaldan sunu and at the giving of treasure Folcwalden's son
dógra gehwylce Dene weorþode· each day the Danes would honour,
Hengestes héap hringum wenede Hengest's company would revere with rings,
efne swá swíðe sincgestréonum with even as much precious possesions
faéttan goldes swá hé Frésena cyn of ornate gold exactly as he the Frisian kind
on béorsele byldan wolde. in the beer-hall would wish to embolden.
Ðá híe getruwedon on twá healfa Then they pledged on both sides
fæste frioðuwaére· Fin Hengeste firm compact of peace; Finn to Hengest
elne unflitme áðum benemde with incontestable earnestness proclaimed an oath
þæt hé þá wéaláfe weotena dóme that he the woeful remnant, by sages' judgement,
árum héolde þæt ðaér aénig mon would hold in honour, that there any man
wordum né worcum waére ne braéce by word nor by deed would not break the treaty,
né þurh inwitsearo aéfre gemaénden nor in malicious artifice ever complain,
ðéah híe hira béaggyfan banan folgedon though they their ring-giver's killer followed,
ðéodenléase, þá him swá geþearfod wæs· leaderless, and were thus forced by necessity;
gyf þonne Frýsna hwylc frécnen spraéce if then any Frisian by audacious speech
ðæs morþorhétes myndgiend waére the murderous feud were to remind (them),
þonne hit sweordes ecg syððan scolde. then it by sword's edge must be thereafter.
Ád wæs geæfned ond incge gold The funeral fire was prepared, and Ingui's gold,
áhæfen of horde· Here-Scyldinga raised from the hoard; the War-Scyldings'
betst beadorinca wæs on baél gearu· best battle-man was ready on the bier;
æt þaém áde wæs éþgesýne at the funeral-pyre was easily seen
swátfáh syrce swýn ealgylden the blood-stained mail-shirt, the swine all-golden,
eofer írenheard æþeling manig the boar hard as iron, the prince had many
wundum áwyrded· sume on wæle crungon· destroyed by wounds; great men had fallen in slaughter;
hét ðá Hildeburh æt Hnæfes áde then Hildeburh ordered at Hnaef's pier
hire selfre sunu sweoloðe befæstan, her own sun committed to the fire,
bánfatu bærnan ond on baél dóön the body-vessel burned, and put on the bier,
earme on eaxle· ides gnornode· the wretched woman at his shoulder, the lady lamented,
geómrode giddum· gúðrinc ástáh· sorrowed with songs; the warrior was laid out,
wand tó wolcnum wælfýra maést spiralled into the clouds the greatest fire of the slain
hlynode for hláwe· hafelan multon· roared before the mound; heads melted,
bengeato burston ðonne blód ætspranc, the wound-gates burst open, then blood sprang out,
láðbite líces· líg ealle forswealg, from the hate-bites of the body; the blaze swallowed all up,
gaésta gífrost, þára ðe þaér gúð fornam --the greediest guest-- those who there were taken by battle
béga folces· wæs hira blaéd scacen. from both peoples; their vigour was dispersed. XVII Gewiton him ðá wígend wíca néosian The warriors returned then to seek their houses,
fréondum befeallen, Frýsland geséon, bereft of friends, to see Frisia,
hámas ond héaburh· Hengest ðá gýt their homes and high fort; yet Hengest
wælfágne winter wunode mid Finn the death-stained winter spent with Finn,
eal unhlitine· eard gemunde in a place with no fellowship at all; he remembered his land,
þéah þe ne meahte on mere drífan though he could not drive on the sea
hringedstefnan: holm storme wéol· the ring-prowed ship: the sea welled in storm,
won wið winde· winter ýþe beléac fought against the wind; the winter locked the waves
ísgebinde oþ ðæt óþer cóm in icy bonds, until came another
géar in geardas swá nú gýt déëð· year to the courtyards, as it still does now,
þá ðe syngáles séle bewitiað those which continuously carry out their seasons,
wuldortorhtan weder. Ðá wæs winter scacen, gloriously bright weathers. Then winter was gone,
fæger foldan bearm· fundode wrecca fair was the Earth's breast; the exile was anxious to go,
gist of geardum· hé tó gyrnwræce the guest of the dwellings; he of vengeance for grief
swíðor þóhte þonne tó saéláde· sooner thought than of sea-path,
gif hé torngemót þurhtéon mihte and whether he a bitter encounter could bring about,
þæt hé eotena bearn inne gemunde· for that he of the Eotens' sons inwardly remembered;
swá hé ne forwyrnde woroldraédenne so he did not refuse the worldly practice,
þonne him Húnláfing, hildeléoman when to him Hunlafing the battle-light,
billa sélest on bearm dyde· the finest blade he placed on (Hnaef's) lap;
þæs waéron mid eotenum ecge cúðe. among the Eotens its edges were known.
Swylce ferhðfrecan Fin eft begeat So too his mortal enemy's --Finn in turn received--
sweordbealo slíðen æt his selfes hám dire sword-onslaught in his own home,
siþðan grimne gripe Gúðláf ond Ósláf when concerning the fierce attack Guthlaf and Oslaf,
æfter saésíðe sorge maéndon· following their sea-journey, declared their grief,
ætwiton wéana daél· ne meahte waéfre mód blamed for their share of woes; he could not his restless spirit
forhabban in hreþre· ðá wæs heal hroden contain in his breast; then the hall were decorated
féonda féorum· swilce Fin slægen with the foes' lives, so too Finn was slain,
cyning on corþre ond séo cwén numen· the king amid his troop, and the queen was seized;
scéotend Scyldinga tó scypon feredon Scylding shooters ferried to the ships
eal ingesteald eorðcyninges· all of the house-goods of the nation's king,
swylce híe æt Finnes hám findan meahton which they at Finn's estate could find:
sigla searogimma· híe on saéláde shining jewels and well-cut gems; they on the sea-path
drihtlíce wíf tó Denum feredon· the noble lady ferried to the Danes,
laéddon tó léodum. Léoð wæs ásungen led to the people. The lay was sung,
gléomannes gyd· gamen eft ástáh· the gleeman's tale; joy again sprang up,
beorhtode bencswég· byrelas sealdon music rang out from the bench, cup-bearers served
wín of wunderfatum. Þá cwóm Wealhþéo forð wine from wondrous vessels. Then Wealhtheow came forth,
gán under gyldnum béage þaér þá gódan twégen walking in a golden neck-ring to where the good pair
sæton suhtergefæderan þá gýt wæs hiera sib ætgædere, sat, uncle and nephew; then their kinship was still together,
aéghwylc óðrum trýwe· swylce þaér Hunferþ þyle each to the other true; Unferth the þyle was also there
æt fótum sæt fréan Scyldinga· gehwylc hiora his ferhþe tréowde sitting at the feet of the Scylding lord; each of them trusted his spirit,
þæt hé hæfde mód micel þéah þe hé his mágum naére and that he had great courage, though he to his kin was not
árfæst æt ecga gelácum· spræc ðá ides Scyldinga: honourable in clash of blades; the Scylding lady then spoke:
'Onfóh þissum fulle, fréodrihten mín, 'Receive this full cup, my noble lord,
sinces brytta· þú on saélum wes, dispenser of treasure; you--be joyful,
goldwine gumena, ond tó Géatum spræc gold-friend of men, and to the Geats speak
mildum wordum swá sceal man dóön· with gentle words so ought a man to do;
béo wið Géatas glæd, geofena gemyndig be gracious with the Geats, mindful of gifts
néan ond feorran þú nú hafast· which from near and far you now have;
mé man sægde þæt þú ðé for sunu wolde it has been said to me that you wish for a son,
hereric habban· Heorot is gefaélsod to have this leader of armies; Heorot is cleansed,
béahsele beorhta· brúc þenden þú móte the bright ring-hall; enjoy, while you may, manigra médo ond þínum mágum laéf many rewards, and leave to your kinsmen
folc ond ríce þonne ðú forð scyle folk and kingdom when you must go forth
metodsceaft séön· ic mínne can to meet what is fated; I know my
glædne Hróþulf· þæt hé þá geogoðe wile gracious Hrothulf, that he the youths wishes
árum healdan gyf þú aér þonne hé, to hold in honour, if you earlier than he,
wine Scildinga, worold oflaétest friend of the Scyldings, leave behind the world,
wéne ic þæt hé mid góde gyldan wille I think that he with good will repay
uncran eaferan gif hé þæt eal gemon· our children, if he that at all remembers,
hwæt wit tó willan ond tó worðmyndum what we for his sake and for his worldly renown,
umborwesendum aér árna gefremedon.' before, in his youth, bestowed our favours.'
Hwearf þá bí bence þaér hyre byre waéron She turned then by the bench, where her boys were,
Hréðríc ond Hróðmund ond hæleþa bearn Hrethric and Hrothmund, and heroes' sons,
giogoð æt gædere· þaér se góda sæt the young company all together; there sat the good
Béowulf Géata be þaém gebróðrum twaém. Beowulf of the Geats by the two brothers. XVIII Him wæs ful boren ond fréondlaþu The full cup was brought to him, and a friendly invitation
wordum bewægned ond wundengold proffered in words, and twisted gold
éstum geéawed: earmréade twá kindly offered: two arm-ornaments,
hrægl ond hringas, healsbéaga maést robe and rings, the largest necklace
þára þe ic on foldan gefrægen hæbbe· of those which I on earth have heard of;
naénigne ic under swegle sélran hýrde none under the sky I have heard of better
hordmádmum hæleþa syþðan Háma ætwæg from hoard-treasures of heroes, since Hama carried off
tó herebyrhtan byrig Brósinga mene to the battle-bright stronghold the Brosings' necklet,
sigle ond sincfæt· searoníðas fealh jewel and precious setting; he fled the cunning enmity
Eormenríces· gecéas écne raéd· of Eormenric, chose eternal benefit;
þone hring hæfde Higelác Géata That ring had Hygelac of the Geats, nefa Swertinges nýhstan síðe grandson of Swerting, on his last adventure,
siðþan hé under segne sinc ealgode· when under the banner he defended riches,
wælréaf werede· hyne wyrd fornam warded slaughter-spoils; him Fate took away,
syþðan hé for wlenco wéan áhsode after he from pride sought misery,
faéhðe tó Frýsum· hé þá frætwe wæg feud with the Frisians; he then wore the ornament,
eorclanstánas ofer ýða ful the mysterious stone over the waves' cup,
ríce þéoden· hé under rande gecranc. the mighty prince; he fell under the rimmed-shield.
Gehwearf þá in Francna fæþm feorh cyninges Passed then into the Franks' grasp the body of the king,
bréostgewaédu ond se béah somod· mail-coat and the ring together;
wyrsan wígfrecan wæl réafeden lesser warrior rifled the corpses
æfter gúðsceare· Géata léode after the slaughter of battle; the people of the Geats
hréawíc héoldon. Heal swége onféng· filled the field of corpses. The hall resounded with noise;
Wealhðéo maþelode· héo fore þaém werede spræc: Wealhtheow spoke; she spoke before the retinue:
'Brúc ðisses béages, Béowulf léofa 'Make use of this ring, belovèd Beowulf,
hyse, mid haéle ond þisses hrægles néot young man, with good fortune, and take benefit from this corslet,
þéod gestreona ond geþéoh tela· the wealth of a nation, and prosper well,
cen þec mid cræfte ond þyssum cnyhtum wes prove yourself with strength, and to these lads be
lára líðe· ic þé þæs léan geman· gentle in teaching; I shall remember you for this requital;
hafast þú geféred þæt ðé feor ond néah you have brought it about that you far and near
ealne wídeferhþ weras ehtigað always and forever men will praise,
efne swá síde swá saé bebúgeð, even as widely as the sea surrounds
windgeard, weallas· wes þenden þú lifige, the home of the wind, walls; be while you live,
æþeling, éadig· ic þé an tela prince, happy; I wish thee well,
sincgestréona· béo þú suna mínum and rich in treasure; be you to my sons
daédum gedéfe, dréamhealdende· indulgent in deeds, possessing joy;
hér is aéghwylc eorl óþrum getrýwe here is each of the men true to the others
módes milde mandrihtne hléo· generous in mind, in the protetion of their liege-lord;
þegnas syndon geþwaére þéod ealgearo the thanes are united, the people alert,
druncne dryhtguman dóð swá ic bidde.' the warrior-retinue cheered by drink do as I bid.'
Éode þá tó setle· þaér wæs symbla cyst· She went then to her seat; there was the finest feast,
druncon wín weras· wyrd ne cúþon the men drank wine; they did not know their fate,
geósceaft grimme swá hit ágangen wearð horrific destiny, as it had happened
eorla manegum syþðan aéfen cwóm to many heroes, after evening came,
ond him Hróþgár gewát tó hofe sínum and Hrothgar went to his quarters,
ríce tó ræste reced weardode the ruler to rest, the hall guarded
unrím eorla swá híe oft aér dydon countless earls, as they often had done before,
bencþelu beredon· hit geondbraéded wearð they cleared away the benches from the floor; over it was spread
beddum ond bolstrum· béorscealca sum bedding and bolsters; one of the beer-drinkers,
fús ond faége fletræste gebéag· eager and doomed, lay down in his hall-couch;
setton him tó héafdon hilderandas they set at their heads battle-bossed shields,
bordwudu beorhtan· þaér on bence wæs bright linden-wood; there on the bench was
ofer æþelinge ýþgeséne over each nobleman easily seen
heaþostéapa helm hringed byrne a battle-steep helm, ringed byrnie,
þrecwudu þrymlíc· wæs þéaw hyra (and) glorious mighty shaft; their custom was
þæt híe oft waéron an wíg gearwe that they were often ready for a battle
gé æt hám gé on herge gé gehwæþer þára both at home and out harrying, and either of these,
efne swylce maéla swylce hira mandryhtne for just such times as for their liege-lord
þearf gesaélde· wæs séo þéod tilu. the need arose; they were a good platoon. XVIIII Sigon þá tó slaépe· sum sáre angeald They sank then into sleep; one paid sorely
æfenræste swá him ful oft gelamp for his evening rest, as had quite often happened,
siþðan goldsele Grendel warode· when the gold-hall Grendel warded,
unriht æfnde oþ þæt ende becwóm, inflict wrong until the end came,
swylt æfter synnum. Þæt gesýne wearþ death for crimes. That became manifest,
wídcúþ werum þætte wrecend þá gýt widely known by men, that an avenger still
lifde æfter láþum lange þráge lived after the misfortunes, for a long time
æfter gúðceare Grendles módor after the war-trouble, Grendel's mother,
ides áglaécwíf yrmþe gemunde lady troll-wife, remembered misery,
sé þe wæteregesan wunian scolde she who the dreadful water had to inhabit,
cealde stréamas siþðan camp him wearð the cold currents, after strife arose through him,
tó ecgbanan ángan bréþer a sword-slayer to an only brother,
fæderenmaége· hé þá fág gewát father's kin; he went then stained,
morþre gemearcod mandréam fléön· marked by the murder, fled human pleasures,
wésten warode. Þanon wóc fela lived in the wilds. Then awoke many
geósceaftgásta· wæs þaéra Grendel sum, fated spirits; Grendel was one of these,
heorowearh hetelíc· sé æt Heorote fand the hateful sword-outlaw, who found at Heorot
wæccendne wer wíges bidan· a watching man biding for battle;
þaér him áglaéca ætgráepe wearð· there with him the troll came at close grips;
hwæþre hé gemunde mægenes strenge yet he remembered the great strength,
gimfæste gife ðe him god sealde generous gift, which God gave him,
ond him tó anwaldan áre gelýfde and he on the One-Ruler's favour relied,
frófre ond fultum· ðý hé þone féond ofercwóm· comfort and support; by this he overcame the fiend,
gehnaégde helle gást· þá hé héan gewát subdued the spirit of hell; then wretched he went,
dréame bedaéled déaþwíc séön, deprived of joy, to see his place of death,
mancynnes féond. Ond his módor þá gýt that foe of mankind. And his mother even now,
gífre ond galgmód gegán wolde greedy and gloomy-hearted wished to go forth,
sorhfulne síð, sunu déoð wrecan· a sorrowful journey, to avenge her son's death;
cóm þá to Heorote ðaér Hring-Dene she came then to Heorot, where the Ring-Danes
geond þæt sæld swaéfun· þá ðaér sóna wearð slept throught the hall; then there at once came about
edhwyrft eorlum siþðan inne fealh the earl's reversal of fortune, when inside passed
Grendles módor· wæs se gryre laéssa Grendel's mother; the horror was less
efne swá micle swá bið mægþa cræft by even so much, as is maid's strength,
wíggryre wífes bewaépned men --the war-violence of woman-- from an armed man,
þonne heoru bunden hamere geþuren when adorned blade, by hammer forged,
sweord swáte fáh swín ofer helme --sword stained with blood-- the boar-crest
ecgum dyhttig andweard scireð. by edges firm, the opposing (helmet) is sheared.
Þá wæs on healle heardecg togen Then in the hall was drawn a hard-edged
sweord ofer setlum, sídrand manig sword above the seats, many a broad bossed-shield
hafen handa fæst· helm ne gemunde held fast in hand; helmet was not heeded,
byrnan síde þá hine se bróga angeat· (nor) broad byrnie, when the horror perceived him;
héo wæs on ofste· wolde út þanon, she was in haste, wanted out of there,
féore beorgan þá héo onfunden wæs· to protect her life, when she was discovered;
hraðe héo æþelinga ánne hæfde quickly she a noble one had
fæste befangen· þá héo tó fenne gang· seized tightly, then she went to the fen;
sé wæs Hróþgáre hæleþa léofost he was to Hrothgar the best-loved hero
on gesíðes hád be saém twéonum in the retinue's rank between the two seas
ríce randwiga þone ðe héo on ræste ábréat mighty shield-warrior, whom she ripped from his rest,
blaédfæstne beorn --næs Béowulf ðaér the glorious man --Beowulf was not there,
ac wæs óþer in aér geteohhod but was in the other lodging assigned earlier
æfter máþðumgife maérum Géate-- after the treasure-giving to the mighty Geat--
hréam wearð in Heorote· héo under heolfre genam a cry was in Heorot; she took from its gore
cúþe folme· cearu wæs geníwod, a well-known arm; sorrow was renewed,
geworden in wícun· ne wæs þæt gewrixle til it returned to their dwellings; that exchange was not good,
þæt híe on bá healfa bicgan scoldon which they on both sides were obliged to pay for
fréonda féorum· þá wæs fród cyning with the lives of friends; then was the wise king,
hár hilderinc on hréonmóde the grey battle-man, in a troubled spirit,
syðþan hé aldorþegn unlyfigendne when he the lordly thane unliving,
þone déorestan déadne wisse. the dearest one, knew was dead.
Hraþe wæs tó búre Béowulf fetod Quickly to the bower was Beowulf fetched
sigoréadig secg· samod aérdæge the victorious warrior; at day-break
éode eorla sum æþele cempa the notable earl went --noble champion--
self mid gesíðum þaér se snotera bád himself with his companions where the wise one awaited
hwæþre him Alfwalda aéfre wille whether for him the Ruler of Elves ever would wish,
æfter wéaspelle wyrpe gefremman· after the news of woe, to bring about a change for the better;
gang ðá æfter flóre fyrdwyrðe man then over the floor went the war-worthy man
mid his handscale --healwudu dynede-- with his crowd of companions --the wood of the hall resounded--
þæt hé þone wísan wordum hnægde he the wise (king) humbled with words:
fréan Ingwina· frægn gif him waére --the lord of the Ingwins-- asked if it had been for him,
æfter néodlaðu niht getaése. according to his hopes, a pleasing night. XX Hróðgár maþelode helm Scyldinga: Hrothgar spoke, the Helm of the Scyldings:
'Ne frín þú æfter saélum· sorh is geníwod 'Do not you ask after pleasures; sorrow is renewed
Denigea léodum· déad is Æschere for the Danish nation; Æschere is dead,
Yrmenláfes yldra bróþor Yrmenlaf's elder brother,
mín rúnwita ond mín raédbora my confident and my chief counsellor,
eaxlgestealla ðonne wé on orlege shoulder-companion, when we in war
hafelan weredon þonne hniton féþan protected the head, when clashed with foot-soldiers,
eoferas cnysedan· swylc eorl scolde dashed boars (atop helmets); so ought a man
wesan aérgód swylc Æschere wæs. be experienced and noble, as Æschere was.
Wearð him on Heorote tó handbanan In Heorot for him was a hand-slayer,
wælgaést waéfre· ic ne wát hwæþer restless death-spirit; I know not whether,
atol aése wlanc eftsíðas téah glorying in the carcass, she undertook a return journey,
fylle gefraégnod· héo þá faéhðe wræc contented by her feast; she avenged the feud
þe þú gystran niht Grendel cwealdest in which you yester-night Grendel quelled
þurh haéstne hád heardum clammum through violent means in harsh embrace,
forþan hé tó lange léode míne because he for too long my people
wanode ond wyrde hé æt wíge gecrang diminished and destroyed, he fell in the fight,
ealdres scyldig ond nú óþer cwóm having forfeited his life, and now the other has come,
mihtig mánscaða· wolde hyre maég wrecan· the mighty crime-wreaker, she wants to avenge her kinsman,
gé feor hafað faéhðe gestaéled and has very far carried her feud,
þæs þe þincean mæg þegne monegum as it must seem to many a thane,
sé þe æfter sincgyfan on sefan gréoteþ: who for the treasure-giver weeps in his heart:
hreþerbealo hearde· nú séo hand ligeð hard mind-grief! now the hand has fallen away,
sé þe éow wélhwylcra wilna dohte. which in all of you had sustained wishes.
Ic þæt londbúend léode míne I it, land-dwellers, my people,
seleraédende secgan hýrde hall-counsellors have heard tell
þæt híe gesáwon swylce twégen that they saw two such
micle mearcstapan móras healdan, massive marchers of no-man's land haunting the moors,
ellorgaéstas· ðaéra óðer wæs alien spirits; one of them was,
þæs þe híe gewislícost gewitan meahton as they most certainly were able to discern,
idese onlícnæs· óðer earmsceapen of the likeness of a woman; the other one wretchedly shaped
on weres wæstmum wraéclástas træd in the form of a man trod in the tracks of an exile,
næfne hé wæs mára þonne aénig man óðer· except he was larger than any other man;
þone on géardagum Grendel nemdon in days of yore him 'Grendel' named
foldbúende· nó híe fæder cunnon· the earth-dwellers; they did not know of his father,
hwæþer him aénig wæs aér ácenned whether of them any were born previously
dyrnra gásta. Híe dýgel lond of obscure spirits. They a secret land warigeað wulfhleoþu windige næssas inhabited, wolf-slopes, windy water-capes,
frécne fengelád ðaér fyrgenstréam a dangerous passage over the fen-waters, where mountain-stream
under næssa genipu niþer gewíteð under the darkness of the headlands descended downward,
flód under foldan· nis þæt feor heonon the flood under the earth; it is not that far hence
mílgemearces þæt se mere standeð· in mile-marks, that the mere stands;
ofer þaém hongiað hrímge bearwas· over it hangs frost-covered groves,
wudu wyrtum fæst wæter oferhelmað· tree held fast by its roots overshadows the water;
þaér mæg nihta gehwaém níðwundor séon there one may every night a horrible marvel see:
fýr on flóde· nó þæs fród leofað fire on the water; not even the wise of them lives,
gumena bearna þæt þone grund wite. of men's sons, that knows the bottom.
Ðéah þe haéðstapa hundum geswenced Though the heath-stepper harrassed by hounds,
heorot hornum trum holtwudu séce the hart with strong horns, seeks the forest,
feorran geflýmed· aér hé feorh seleð put to flight from far, first he will give up his life,
aldor on ófre aér hé in wille existence on the shore, before he will (leap) in
hafelan helan· nis þæt héoru stów· to hide his head; it is not a pleasant place;
þonon ýðgeblond úp ástígeð thence a maelström of the waves rises up,
won tó wolcnum þonne wind styreþ dark to the clouds, when the wind stirs
láð gewidru oð þæt lyft drysmaþ· grievous storms, until the air grows dark,
roderas réotað. Nú is se raéd gelang the skies weep. Now is the remedy dependent upon
eft æt þé ánum· eard gít ne const you alone once again; you do not know the region yet,
frécne stówe ðaér þú findan miht terrible place where you might find
felasinnigne secg· séc gif þú dyrre· the much-sinning creature; seek if you dare;
ic þé þá faéhðe féo léanige for the feud you I would reward with wealth,
ealdgestréonum swá ic aér dyde, with old treasures, as I did before,
wundungolde gyf þú on weg cymest.' with twisted-gold, if you come away.' XXI Béowulf maþelode bearn Ecgþéowes: Beowulf spoke, the son of Edgetheow:
'Ne sorga, snotor guma· sélre bið aéghwaém 'Do not sorrow, wise man· it is better for everyone
þæt hé his fréond wrece þonne hé fela murne· that he his friend avenge, than he mourn over-much;
úre aéghwylc sceal ende gebídan each of us must await the end
worolde lífes: wyrce sé þe móte in the world of life: gain he who may
dómes aér déaþe· þæt bið drihtguman, glory before death; that is for the warrior,
unlifgendum æfter sélest. unliving, afterwards the best.
Árís, ríces weard, uton hraþe féran Arise, O guardian of the kingdom, let us go quickly,
Grendles mágan gang scéawigan· Grendel's kin's trail survey;
ic hit þé geháte: nó hé on helm losaþ I swear it to thee: she will not be lost in the cover,
né on foldan fæþm né on fyrgenholt nor in the embrace of the earth, nor in the mountain wood,
né on gyfenes grund· gá þaér hé wille· nor in the ocean's depth, go where she will;
ðýs dógor þú geþyld hafa this day you must have patience
wéana gehwylces swá ic þé wéne tó.' in each of the woes, as I expect you to.'
Áhléop ðá se gomela, gode þancode The agèd one leapt up, thanked God,
mihtigan drihtne þæs se man gespræc· mighty Lord, for what the man spoke;
þá wæs Hróðgáre hors gebaéted then was for Hrothgar a horse was bridled,
wicg wundenfeax· wísa fengel a mount with braided mane; the wise ruler
geatolíc gende· gumféþa stóp rode well-equipped; the foot-soldiers marched
lindhæbbendra· lástas waéron linden-wood bearers; tracks were
æfter waldswaþum wíde gesýne, along the forest-track widely seen,
gang ofer grundas gegnum for the trail over the grounds, went straight-forward
ofer myrcan mór magoþegna bær over the murky moor, she carried of the kin-thanes
þone sélestan sáwolléasne the finest --without his soul--
þára þe mid Hróðgáre hám eahtode. of those who with Hrothgar had defended their home.
Oferéode þá æþelinga bearn Traversed then the nobles' son
stéap stánhliðo stíge nearwe the steep stone slopes, the narrow ways,
enge ánpaðas uncúð gelád the tight single-file paths, the unknown, uncertain water-crossings,
neowle næssas nicorhúsa fela· the precipitous headlands, the many homes of nicors;
hé féara sum beforan gengde he with a few went ahead
wísra monna wong scéawian wise men surveying the field,
oþ þæt hé faéringa fyrgenbéamas until he by chance mountain-trees
ofer hárne stán hleonian funde over a silvery-grey stone found hanging,
wynléasne wudu· wæter under stód the joyless forest; water stood below,
dréorig ond gedréfed· Denum eallum wæs bloody and stirred-up; for all of the Danes was,
winum Scyldinga wærce on móde for the friends of the Scyldings, suffering in the heart
tó geþolianne, ðegne monegum to endure, for many thanes,
oncýð eorla gehwaém syðþan Æscheres awakening grief in each of the nobles, when Æschere's
on þám holmclife hafelan métton. --on the sea-cliff-- head encountered.
Flód blóde wéol --folc tó saégon-- The flood welled bloody --the folk stared at it--
hátan heolfre· horn stundum song with flaming gore; rapidly the horn sang,
fúslíc forðléoð· féþa eal gesæt· urgent song of departure; the troop all sat down;
gesáwon ðá æfter wætere wyrmcynnes fela they saw then through the water many of the race of serpents,
sellice saédracan sund cunnian, strange sea-dragon exploring the lake,
swylce on næshleoðum nicras licgean also on the cape-slopes were lounging nicors,
ðá on undernmaél oft bewitigað they in mid-morning often carry out
sorhfulne síð on seglráde, grievous sorties on the sail-road,
wyrmas ond wildéor· híe on weg hruron serpents and wild beasts; they rushed away
bitere ond gebolgne· bearhtm ongéaton bitter and swollen with rage; they perceived the clear note,
gúðhorn galan· sumne Géata léod war-horn wailing; one of the Geats' men
of flánbogan féores getwaéfde with a shaft and bow separated it from life,
ýðgewinnes þæt him on aldre stód of wave-struggle that in its heart stood,
herestraél hearda· hé on holme wæs a strong war-arrow; it in the water was
sundes þé saénra ðé hyne swylt fornam· swimming the slower, when Death seized it;
hræþe wearð on ýðum mid eoferspréotum fast it was in the waves against boar-pikes
heorohócyhtum hearde genearwod, savagely-hooked hard pressed,
níða genaéged ond on næs togen viciously attacked, and from the cape dragged out,
wundorlíc waégbora· weras scéawedon wondrous spawn of the waves; men stared at
gryrelícne gist. Gyrede hine Béowulf the gruesome guest. Beowulf armed himself
eorlgewaédum· nalles for ealdre mearn· in noble garments, feared not at all for his life;
scolde herebyrne hondum gebróden it was necessary that his army-byrnie, braided by hands,
síd ond searofáh sund cunnian broad and cunningly adorned, explore the lake,
séo ðe báncofan beorgan cúþe it the bone-chamber could protect,
þæt him hildegráp hreþre ne mihte that him the battle-grip could not his heart, eorres inwitfeng aldre gesceþðan nor angry grasp of malice his life scathe,
ac se hwíta helm hafelan werede moreover the shining helm warded his head,
sé þe meregrundas mengan scolde, that which the mere-depths must stir up,
sécan sundgebland since geweorðad seek the mingling of waters adorned with riches,
befongen fréawrásnum swá hine fyrndagum encircled with lordly-bands as in far-days it
worhte waépna smið wundrum téode· was wrought by weapons' smith, wonderfully lengthened,
besette swínlícum þæt hine syðþan nó beset with swine-forms, so that it then no
brond né beadomécas bítan ne meahton. brond-blade nor battle-maiches to bite were not able.
Næs þæt þonne maétost mægenfultuma Not the least then of his mighty supports,
þæt him on ðearfe láh ðyle Hróðgáres that him in need lent Hrothgar's þyle
--wæs þaém hæftméce Hrunting nama-- --was the long-hilted maiche-sword's name Hrunting--
þæt wæs án foran ealdgestréona· it was one above of ancient treasures;
ecg wæs íren átertánum fáh edge was iron, with poison-twigs patterned,
áhyrded heaþoswáte· naéfre hit æt hilde ne swác hardened with battle-blood; never had it in a fight failed
manna aéngum þára þe hit mid mundum bewand any man, who it in hands brandished,
sé ðe gryresíðas gegán dorste he who terrifying journeys dared to enter upon,
folcstede fára· næs þæt forma síð the domain of foes; it was not the first time
þæt hit ellenweorc æfnan scolde. that it courage-work had been obliged to perform.
Húru ne gemunde mago Ecgláfes Indeed he could not have recalled, the kin of Ecgelaf,
eafoþes cræftig þæt hé aér gespræc mighty in strength, that which he had said before,
wíne druncen þá hé þæs waépnes onláh drunk on wine, when he lent that the weapon
sélran sweordfrecan selfa ne dorste to a better swordsman, he himself did not dare
under ýða gewin aldre genéþan, under the waves' turmoil to risk his life,
drihtscype dréogan· þaér hé dóme forléas to carry out bravery; there he forfeited glory,
ellenmaérðum· ne wæs þaém óðrum swá fame from valour; it was not so for the other,
syðþan hé hine tó gúðe gegyred hæfde. when he himself for war had equipped. XXII Béowulf maðelode bearn Ecgþéowes: Beowulf spoke, the son of Edgetheow:
'Geþenc nú, se maéra maga Healfdenes 'Think now, glorious kinsman of Half-Dane,
snottra fengel· nú ic eom síðes fús· wise chieftain, now I am eager for the adventure,
goldwine gumena, hwæt wit géo spraécon: gold-friend of man, what we spoke of earlier:
gif ic æt þearfe þínre scolde if I in employment of yours should
aldre linnan· þæt ðú mé á waére be parted from life, that you for me ever would be,
forðgewitenum on fæder staéle· having passed on, in the place of a father;
wes þú mundbora mínum magoþegnum be you hand-bearer to my young retainers,
hondgesellum gif mec hild nime hand-companions, if battle takes me,
swylce þú ðá mádmas, þé þú mé sealdest, so too you the treasures, those which you gave me,
Hróðgár léofa, Higeláce onsend· beloved Hrothgar, send on to Hygelac;
mæg þonne on þaém golde ongitan Géata dryhten, he then will able to in the gold observe, the lord of the Geats,
geséon sunu Hraédles þonne hé on þæt sinc starað to perceive, the son of Hrethel, when he on that treasures stares,
þæt ic gumcystum gódne funde that I one of noble virtues, a good king, had found,
béaga bryttan bréac þonne móste. dispenser of rings, enjoyed while I could.
Ond þú Hunferð laét ealde láfe And let Unferth the old heirloom,
wraétlíc waégsweord wídcúðne man the glorious wave-sword, (let) the widely-known man
heardecg habban· ic mé mid Hruntinge have that hard-edged (sword); I for myself with Hrunting
dóm gewyrce oþðe mec déað nimeð.' will gain glory, unless Death takes me.'
Æfter þaém wordum Weder-Géata léod After these words the man of the Weder-Geats
efste mid elne· nalas andsware hastened with courage; not in the least for a reply
bídan wolde· brimwylm onfeng did he wish to await; the surging-lake enfolded
hilderince. Ðá wæs hwíl dæges, the battle-warrior. Then it was a long part of a day,
aér hé þone grundwong ongytan mehte ere he the bottom could perceive,
sóna þæt onfunde sé ðe flóda begong at once she found it out, --she who the floods' expanse,
heorogífre behéold hund misséra fiercely-ravenous, held a hundred half-years,
grim ond graédig þæt þaér gumena sum wrathful and greedy-- that there one of the humans
ælwihta eard ufan cunnode· the realm of strange being explored from above;
gráp þá tógéanes· gúðrinc geféng then she groped towards, seized the warrior
atolan clommum· nó þý aér in gescód in terrible clasps; Not the sooner she crushed inside
hálan líce· hring útan ymbbearh his hale body; the ring-mail gave him protection from without,
þæt héo þone fyrdhom ðurhfón ne mihte that she the soldier-garment could not penetrate,
locene leoðosyrcan láþan fingrum. the interlocked limb-coat, with her loathsome fingers.
Bær þá séo brimwylf þá héo tó botme cóm Then the sea-wolf bore, when she had come to the bottom,
hringa þengel tó hofe sínum the lord of those rings to her court,
swá hé ne mihte --nó hé þæs módig wæs-- so he could not --no matter how brave he was--
waépna gewealdan ac hine wundra þæs fela wield his weapon, but him so many bizarre things
swecte on sunde· saédéor monig smelled in the deep, many sea-beasts
hildetúxum heresyrcan bræc· with battle-tusks tore at his army-mail,
éhton áglaécan. Ðá se eorl ongeat the horrors attacked. Then the earl saw
þæt hé níðsele náthwylcum wæs that he in a hall of hatred --I know not which-- was,
þaér him naénig wæter wihte ne sceþede where not any water him oppressed at all,
né him for hrófsele hrínan ne mehte nor him, due to the the hall's roof, was not able to reach
faérgripe flódes· fýrléoht geseah, the sudden onrush of the flood; he saw firelight,
blácne léoman beorhte scínan· a pale light shining vividly;
ongeat þá se góda grundwyrgenne then the good man saw the accursèd one of the deep,
merewíf mihtig· mægenraés forgeaf the mighty mere-wife; he gave a powerful thrust
hildebille· hondswenge ne oftéah to the battle-bill, did not withhold the swing of his hand,
þæt hire on hafelan hringmaél ágól so that on her head the ring-marked sang out
graédig gúðléoð· ðá se gist onfand a greedy war-song; then the guest discovered
þæt se beadoléoma bítan nolde, that the battle-brand did not wish to bite,
aldre sceþðan ac séo ecg geswác to crush life, rather the edge failed
ðéodne æt þearfe· ðolode aér fela the noble in his need; it had endured already many
hondgemóta· helm oft gescær hand-to-hand encounters, often split helm,
faéges fyrdhrægl· ðá wæs forma síð the war-garments of the doomed; this was the first time
déorum mádme þæt his dóm álæg. for the precious treasure that its glory failed.
Eft wæs anraéd, nalas elnes læt Again was resolute, not at all slackening in courage,
maérða gemyndig maég Hýgláces mindful of fame the kinsman of Hygelac
wearp ðá wundenmaél wraéttum gebunden then he threw aside the twisting pattern (sword), adorned with ornaments,
yrre óretta þæt hit on eorðan læg the angry warrior, so that it lay on the earth,
stíð ond stýlecg· strenge getrúwode, firm and steel-edged; he trusted to strength,
mundgripe mægenes· swá sceal man doön his hand-grip of might; so must a man do,
þonne hé æt gúðe gegán þenceð when he in war intends to gain
longsumne lof· ná ymb his líf cearað. long-lasting praise; he cares not for his life.
sydaudioGeféng þá be eaxle --nalas for faéhðe mearn-- Grabbed her then by the shoulder --not in the least regretting the feud--
Gúð-Géata léod, Grendles módor· the prince of the War-Geats, Grendel's mother;
brægd þá beadwe heard þá hé gebolgen wæs the hard man of conflict then heaved, now that he was enraged,
feorhgeníðlan þæt héo on flet gebéah· the deadly foe, so that she fell to the floor;
héo him eft hraþe handlean forgeald she again him quickly gave hand-reward
grimman grápum ond him tógéanes féng· with wrathful grips and clutched him against herself;
oferwearp þá wérigmód wigena strengest then, weary in spirit, he stumbled, the strongest man,
féþecempa þæt hé on fylle wearð· warrior on foot, so that he was in a fall;
ofsæt þá þone selegyst ond hyre seax getéah then she bestrode the guest in her hall, and drew her seax,
brád ond brúnecg· wolde hire bearn wrecan broad and bright-edged; she wished to avenge her son,
ángan eaferan· him on eaxle læg only offspring; on his shoulder lay
bréostnet bróden; þæt gebearh féore woven breast-net; it protected life,
wið ord ond wið ecge ingang forstód. against point and against edge it withstood entry.
Hæfde ðá forsíðod sunu Ecgþéowes Then he would have perished, the son of Edgetheow,
under gynne grund Géata cempa under the yawning ground, the champion of the Geats,
nemne him heaðobyrne helpe gefremede except that him the war-byrnie provided help,
herenet hearde-- ond hálig god firm army-net-- and holy God
gewéold wígsigor· wítig drihten controlled the war-victory; the wise Lord,
rodera raédend hit on ryht gescéd the Ruler of the heavens, decided it rightly,
ýðelíce syþðan hé eft ástód. easily, thereupon he stood up again. XXIII Geseah ðá on searwum sigeéadig bil He saw then among the arms a victory-blessed bill,
ealdsweord eotenisc ecgum þýhtig an old giantish sword with firm edges,
wigena weorðmynd· þæt wæs waépna cyst an honour of warriors, it was the choicest weapon,
búton hit wæs máre ðonne aénig mon óðer but it was more than any other man
tó beaduláce ætberan meahte to battle-play could carry,
gód ond geatolíc gíganta geweorc· good and stately, the work of giants;
hé geféng þá fetelhilt· freca Scyldinga he seized then the ring-hilt, champion of the Scyldings
hréoh ond heorogrim hringmaél gebrægd wild and furiously battle-fierce, he drew the ring-marked (sword)
aldres orwéna· yrringa slóh without hope of life, angrily struck,
þæt hire wið halse heard grápode· so that through her neck it clutched hard,
bánhringas bræc· bil eal ðurhwód broke bone-rings; the bill passed entirely through
faégne flaéschoman· héo on flet gecrong· the doomed cloak of flesh; she fell on the floor;
sweord wæs swátig· secg weorce gefeh. the sword was bloody, the warrior rejoiced in his work.
Líxte se léoma· léoht inne stód The gleam flashed, the light stood within,
efne swá of hefene hádre scíneð even as from heaven shines brightly
rodores candel· hé æfter recede wlát· the sky's candle; he looked about the hall;
hwearf þá be wealle· waépen hafenade moved along the wall, weapon raised
heard be hiltum Higeláces ðegn fierce with hilts, Hygelac's thane,
yrre ond anraéd· næs séo ecg fracod angry and single-minded; nor was that edge useless
hilderince ac hé hraþe wolde to the battle-man, but he quickly wished
Grendle forgyldan gúðraésa fela to repay Grendel for the many war-raids
ðára þe hé geworhte tó West-Denum which he had carried out on the West-Danes
oftor micle ðonne on aénne síð much more often than on a single venture,
þonne hé Hróðgáres heorðgenéatas when he Hrothgar's hearth-companions
slóh on sweofote· slaépende fraét slaughter in their slumber, devoured in their sleep,
folces Denigea fýftýne men of the folk of the Danes fifteen men,
ond óðer swylc út offerede and other such had he carried out and off
láðlicu lác· sydaudio hé him þæs léan forgeald hideous haul; he paid him the reward of that,
réþe cempa tó ðæs þe hé on ræste geseah the fierce fighter, in that he saw in repose
gúðwérigne Grendel licgan war-weary Grendel lying,
aldorléasne swá him aér gescód lifeless, as he had injured him earlier
hild æt Heorote --hrá wíde sprong in the conflict at Heorot --the corpse burst wide open,
syþðan hé æfter déaðe drepe þrówade when it after death suffered a blow,
heorosweng heardne-- ond hine þá héafde becearf. a hard sword-stroke-- and then its head he cut off.
Sóna þæt gesáwon snottre ceorlas Suddenly that saw the wise fellows,
þá ðe mid Hróðgáre on holm wliton· who with Hrothgar looked at the lake,
þæt wæs ýðgeblond eal gemenged that was turmoil of waves all stirred up
brim blóde fáh· blondenfeaxe the water coloured with blood; with blended-hair,
gomele ymb gódne ongeador spraécon aged, about the good man, together they spoke,
þæt hig þæs æðelinges eft ne wéndon· that they that noble one did not expect again
þæt hé sigehréðig sécean cóme that he, triumphing in victory, would come to seek
maérne þéoden· þá ðæs monige gewearð the glorious ruler; then it many agreed,
þæt hine séo brimwylf ábreoten hæfde. that the sea-wolf him had destroyed.
Ðá cóm nón dæges· næs ofgéafon Then came then ninth hour of the day; they abandoned the cape,
hwate Scyldingas· gewát him hám þonon the brave Scyldings; he went home hence,
goldwine gumena· gistas sécan the gold-friend of men; the guests looked about
módes séoce ond on mere staredon· sick at heart, and stared into the mere,
wíston, ond ne wéndon þæt híe heora winedrihten wished, and did not expect, that they their lord and friend
selfne gesáwon. Þá þæt sweord ongan himself would see. Then that sword began
æfter heaþoswáte hildegicelum caused by the gore of battle in icycles of battle,
wígbil wanian· þæt wæs wundra sum the war-bill to wane; that was a great wonder
þæt hit eal gemealt íse gelícost that it all melted, so like ice,
ðonne forstes bend fæder onlaéteð· when frost's bond the Father loosens,
onwindeð waélrápas sé geweald hafað unwinds water-ropes, who has control
saéla ond maéla· þæt is sóð metod. of times and seaons; that is the true Creator.
Ne nóm hé in þaém wícum Weder-Géata léod He did not take into those dwelling, the leader of the Weder-Geats,
máðmaéhta má þéh hé þaér monige geseah more treasures, though he there saw a great number,
búton þone hafelan ond þá hilt somod but that head and the hilt as well
since fáge· sweord aér gemealt· shining with ornament; the sword had already melted,
forbarn bródenmaél· wæs þæt blód tó þæs hát, burned up the wavy-patterned (blade); that blood was so hot,
ættren ellorgaést sé þaér inne swealt. the venomous foreign spirit who had perished there inside.
Sóna wæs on sunde sé þe aér æt sæcce gebád Straightaway he was in the water, he who survived in strife,
wíghryre wráðra wæter úp þurhdéaf· the enemies' fall in war; he dove up through the water,
waéron ýðgebland eal gefaélsod the turmoil of waves was all cleared,
éacne eardas þá se ellorgást the vast regions, where the alien ghosts
oflét lífdagas ond þás laénan gesceaft· gave up their life-days and this borrowed world;
cóm þá to lande lidmanna helm he came then to the land, the seafarer's leader,
swíðmód swymman· saéláce gefeah swimming stout-hearted; he rejoiced in the sea-loot,
mægenbyrþenne, þára þe hé him mid hæfde. the great burden, which he had with him.
Éodon him þá tógéanes· gode þancodon They went towards him, thanked God,
ðrýðlíc þegna héap þéodnes gefégon the mighty band of thanes, they rejoiced for their lord,
þæs þe hí hyne gesundne geséon móston· that they him sound were able to see;
ðá wæs of þaém hróran helm ond byrne then the vigorous man was from helm and byrnie
lungre álýsed --lagu drúsade, quickly loosened --the water grew still,
wæter under wolcnum wældréore fág-- the lake under the clouds, stained with the gore of death--
férdon forð þonon féþelástum they fared forth thence along foot-paths
ferhþum fægne· foldweg maéton happy in their hearts, traversed the trail over the earth,
cúþe straéte· cyningbalde men the familiar streets; the men, bold as kings,
from þaém holmclife hafelan baéron from that lake-cliff bore the head
earfoðlíce heora aéghwæþrum arduously, for all of them,
felamódigra --féower scoldon full of spirit --four had to
on þaém wælstenge wærcum geferian on the pole of the slain to carry with difficulty
tó þaém goldsele Grendles héafod-- to the gold-hall Grendel's head--
oþ ðæt semninga tó sele cómon until presently they came to the hall,
frome fyrdhwate féowertýne brave army-keen fourteen
Géata gongan gumdryhten mid· of the Geats moving, with their lord of men,
módig on gemonge meodowongas træd. proud in the throng, trod on the plain near the mead-hall.
Ðá cóm in gaän ealdor ðegna Then came in marching the lord of the thanes,
daédcéne mon dóme gewurþad the deed-bold man exalted by glory,
hæle hildedéor Hróðgár grétan· the battle-brave hero, to greet Hrothgar;
þá wæs be feaxe on flet boren then it was by the hair borne to the floor
Grendles héafod þaér guman druncon, the head of Grendel, where men were drinking,
egeslíc for eorlum ond þaére idese mid, dreadful for the earls, and the ladies with them,
wliteséon wraétlíc· weras onsáwon. a wondrous spectacle; the men stared. XXV Béowulf maþelode bearn Ecgþéowes: Beowulf spoke, the son of Edgetheow:
'Hwæt, wé þé þás saélác, sunu Healfdenes 'Listen, we you these sea-spoils, son of Half-Dane,
léod Scyldinga, lustum bróhton lord of the Scyldings, gladly brought
tíres tó tácne þé þú hér tó lócast. as token of glory, which you look at here.
Ic þæt unsófte ealdre gedígde I it not easily survived with my life,
wigge under wætere· weorc genéþde war under water, work risked
earfoðlíce· ætrihte wæs with trouble; at once was
gúð getwaéfed nymðe mec god scylde· the warfare at an end, unless God shielded me;
ne meahte ic æt hilde mid Hruntinge I could not in the battle with Hrunting
wiht gewyrcan þéah þæt waépen duge bring about anything, though that weapon is excellent
ac mé geúðe ylda waldend but to me granted men's Ruler
þæt ic on wáge geseah wlitig hangian that I saw on the wall hanging fair
ealdsweord éacen --oftost wísode a mighty ancient sword --most often He has guided
winigea léasum-- þæt ic ðý waépne gebraéd· the one deprived of friend-- that I the weapon drew,
ofslóh ðá æt þaére sæcce þá mé saél ageald slew then in the strife, when an opportunity was yielded to me,
húses hyrdas· þá þæt hildebil the house's guardians; then that battle-bill
forbarn brogdenmaél swá þæt blód gesprang burned up, wavy-patterned, as the blood leapt out,
hátost heaþoswáta· ic þæt hilt þanan the hottest sweat of war; I that hilt thence
féondum ætferede· fyrendaéda wræc carried back from the fiends, foul-deeds avenged,
déaðcwealm Denigea swá hit gedéfe wæs. deadly slaughter of Danes, as it was fitting.
Ic hit þé þonne geháte þæt þú on Heorote móst I promise it to you then, that you in Heorot may
sorhléas swefan mid þínra secga gedryht sleep without sorrow with your company of soldiers,
ond þegna gehwylc þínra léoda and each thane of your nation,
duguðe ond iogoþe· þæt þú him ondraédan ne þearft, veterans and youths, that you for them need not dread,
þéoden Scyldinga, on þá healfe chieftain of the Scyldings, on that side,
aldorbealu eorlum swá þú aér dydest.' life-bale for earls, as you did before.'
Ðá wæs gyldenhilt gamelum rince Then was the golden hilt to the old king
hárum hildfruman on hand gyfen to the grey battle-leader, given into his hand,
enta aérgeweorc· hit on aéht gehwearf the ancient work of giants; it had passed into the possession
æfter déofla hryre Denigea fréän after the devils' fall of the lord of the Danes,
wundorsmiþa geweorc ond þá þás worold ofgeaf the work of wondersmiths, and then this world gave up
gromheort guma godes andsaca the angry-hearted creature, God's adversary
morðres scyldig ond his módor éac guilty of murder, and his mother also;
on geweald gehwearf woroldcyninga it passed into the power of the earthly kings
ðaém sélestan be saém twéonum the finest ones between the two seas,
ðára þe on Scedenigge sceattas daélde. of those who in Scandinavia dealt out riches.
Hróðgár maðelode· hylt scéawode Hrothgor spoke; he examined the hilt, ealde lafe· on ðaém wæs ór writen the old heirloom, on which was engraved the origin
fyrngewinnes syðþan flód ofslóh of ancient strife, when the flood slew
gifen géotende gíganta cyn-- the pouring ocean, the race of giants--
frécne geférdon· þæt wæs fremde þéod they fared terribly; that was a tribe foreign
écean dryhtne· him þæs endeléan to the eternal Lord; them the end-reward
þurh wæteres wylm waldend sealde-- through the surging of waters the Ruler granted--
swá wæs on ðaém scennum scíran goldes also was on the sword-hilt of shining gold
þurh rúnstafas rihte gemearcod in rune-staves rightly marked,
geseted ond gesaéd hwám þæt sweord geworht it was set down and said, for whom the sword wrought,
írena cyst aérest waére --choicest of irons-- had been first,
wreoþenhilt ond wyrmfáh· ðá se wísa spræc with a twisted-hilt and serpent-patterned; then the wise man spoke,
sunu Healfdenes swígedon ealle: the son of Half-Dane all fell silent:
'Þæt, lá, mæg secgan sé þe sóð ond riht 'That, indeed, may say he who truth and right
fremeð on folce· feor eal gemon, performs among the folk, remembers all from far-back,
eald éðel weard· þæt ðes eorl waére old warden of the homeland; that this hero was
geboren betera· blaéd is áraéred born a greater man; the fame is established
geond wídwegas, wine mín Béowulf, throughout the distant regions, Beowulf my friend,
ðín ofer þéoda gehwylce· eal þú hit geþyldum healdest, over each of the nations, of you; all you it with patience hold,
mægen mid módes snyttrum· ic þé sceal míne gelaéstan strength with the wisdom of the heart; to you I shall continue to give my
fréoðe swá wit furðum spraécon· ðú scealt tó frófre weorþan protection, as we spoke of before; you must be as a comfort
eal langtwídig léodum þínum all long-lasting to your people,
hæleðum tó helpe. Ne wearð Heremód swá to heroes a support. Heremod was not so
eaforum Ecgwelan Ár-Scyldingum· to the sons of Edgewela, to the Honour-Scyldings;
ne gewéox hé him tó willan ac tó wælfealle he grew not to their pleasure, but for slaughter
ond tó déaðcwalum Deniga léodum· and for annihilation of the people of the Danes;
bréat bolgenmód béodgenéatas he felled in a furious spirit his companions at table,
eaxlgesteallan oþ þæt hé ána hwearf shoulder-comrades, until he alone passed,
maére þéoden mondréamum from famous king, from the joys of man
ðéah þe hine mihtig god mægenes wynnum though him mighty God with joys of strength
eafeþum stépte ofer ealle men powerfully exalted over all men,
forð gefremede hwæþere him on ferhþe gréow further advanced yet in his heart grew to him
bréosthord blódréow· nallas béagas geaf the treasure of the breast eager for blood; not at all did he give rings
Denum æfter dóme· dréamléas gebád to Danes for glory; he lived joylessly,
þæt hé þæs gewinnes wærc þrówade so that he the strife's pain suffered,
léodbealo longsum. Ðú þé laér be þon· a great evil to the people for a long time. You learn by this,
gumcyste ongit· ic þis gid be þé understand human virtue; I this tale for you
áwræc wintrum fród. Wundor is tó secganne recited, old and wise in winters. Wonder is to say
hú mihtig god manna cynne how mighty God to mankind
þurh sídne sefan snyttru bryttað according to deep understanding dispenses wisdom, hwílum hé on lufan laéteð hworfan at times He in delight lets go
monnes módgeþonc maéran cynnes the heart's thought of some man of glorious kin
seleð him on éþle eorþan wynne gives to him in his own homeland earthly bliss
tó healdanne hléoburh wera· to command a stronghold of men,
gedéð him swá gewealdene worolde daélas makes subject to him from the world's portions,
síde ríce þæt hé his selfa ne mæg a wide kingdom, that he himself can not
for his unsnyttrum ende geþencean· in his ignorance conceive the end (of his rule);
wunað hé on wiste· nó hine wiht dweleð he lives on in abundance; they hinder him not a bit,
ádl né yldo né him inwitsorh sickness nor age, nor him evil sorrow
on sefan sweorceð né gesacu óhwaér darkens in his soul, nor strife anywhere
ecghete éoweð ac him eal worold sharp-hate appears, but to him all the world
wendeð on willan· hé þæt wyrse ne con. turns on his pleasure; he does not know it worse. XXVI Oð þæt him on innan oferhygda daél Until within him pride's portion
weaxeð ond wrídað þonne se weard swefeð grows and flourishes then the warder sleeps,
sáwele hyrde· bið se slaép tó fæst, the soul's keeper; the sleep is too sound,
bisgum gebunden, bona swíðe néah bound with troubles, the killer is very near,
sá þe of flánbogan fyrenum scéoteð· he who from his shaft-bow foully fires;
þonne bið on hreþre under helm drepen then it is in the heart struck beneath the helm
biteran straéle --him bebeorgan ne con-- by the bitter dart --he cannot protect himself--
wóm wundorbebodum wergan gástes· from the perversity of strange biddings of the wicked spirit;
þinceð him tó lýtel þæt hé tó lange héold· it seems to him too little what he rules too long;
gýtsað gromhýdig· nallas on gylp seleð cruel-mindedly covets, he in arrogance never gives
faédde béagas ond hé þá forðgesceaft golden rings, and he then the future
forgyteð ond forgýmeð þæs þe him aér god sealde, forgets and disregards, that which God gave him before,
wuldres waldend, weorðmynda daél· glory's Ruler, a share of honour·
hit on endestæf eft gelimpeð it in the end finally comes to pass
þæt se líchoma laéne gedréoseð· that the body, lent, fails;
faége gefealleð· féhð óþer tó fated to death, it falls; another body takes up,
sé þe unmurnlíce mádmas daéleþ who without regret shares out treasure,
eorles aérgestréon· egesan ne gýmeð. the earl's ancient wealth, and he heeds not fear.
Bebeorh þé ðone bealoníð, Beowulf léofa Guard yourself against this wicked strife, beloved Beowulf,
secg betosta, ond þé þæt sélre gecéos finest man, and for yourself choose the better,
éce raédas· oferhýda ne gým, the eternal gains; do not pay heed to pride,
maére cempa· nú is þínes mægnes blaéd renowned champion; now is the glory of your strength
áne hwíle· eft sóna bið for a while; presently in turn will be
þæt þec ádl oððe ecg eafoþes getwaéfeð that you sickness or edge will part from strength,
oððe fýres feng oððe flódes wylm or grasp of fire, or surge of flood,
oððe gripe méces oððe gáres fliht or bite of blade, or flight of spear,
oððe atol yldo· oððe éagena bearhtm or repulsive old-age; or the brightness of the eyes
forsiteð ond forsworceð· semninga bið weakens and dims; very soon will be
þæt ðec, dryhtguma, déað oferswýðeð. that you, warrior, Death overpowers.
Swá ic Hring-Dena hund misséra So I the Ring-Danes a hundred seasons
wéold under wolcnum ond hig wigge beléac have ruled under the skies and in war sheltered them,
manigum maégþa geond þysne middangeard from many tribes throughout this middle-earth,
æscum ond ecgum þæt ic mé aénigne from ash-shafts and sword-edges, so that I for myself any,
under swegles begong gesacan ne tealde. under the expanse of the heavens, adversary I did not account.
Hwæt, mé þæs on éþle edwendan cwóm, Listen, to me in the homeland for that a reversal came,
gyrn æfter gomene seoþðan Grendel wearð sorrow after joy, since Grendel became
ealdgewinna ingenga min an old contender, invader of mine,
ic þaére sócne singáles wæg I from that persecution endured continually
módceare micle· þæs sig metode þanc great sorrow of spirit; thanks be for that to the Measurer of Fate,
écean dryhtne þæs ðe ic on aldre gebád eternal Lord, from that I survived alive,
þæt ic on þone hafelan heorodréorigne so that I on the head sword-bloodied
ofer eald gewin éagum starige! after ancient strife could gaze with my eyes!
Gá nú tó setle· symbelwynne dréoh Go now to the bench, join in the pleasure-banquet,
wíggeweorþad· unc sceal worn fela honoured by your battle; we must very many
máþma gemaénra siþðan morgen bið.' treasures share between us when it is morning.'
Géat wæs glædmód· géong sóna tó The Geat was glad-hearted, went straightaway to
setles néosan swá se snottra heht· seek the bench, as the wise one had commanded;
þá wæs eft swá aér ellenrófum then it was again as before for bold warriors,
fletsittendum fægere gereorded for those sitting in the hall they prepared a fine feast
níowan stefne· nihthelm geswearc once again; the helm of night darkened,
deorc ofer dryhtgumum· duguð eal árás· dark over the company of warriors; the veterans all arose;
wolde blondenfeax beddes néosan, the blended-haired one wishes to seek his bed,
gamela Scylding· Géat unigmetes wél the aged Scylding; the Geat exceedingly much,
rófne randwigan restan lyste· valiant shield-warrior, desired rest;
sóna him seleþegn síðes wérgum at once him the hall-thane the weary journeyer
feorrancundum orð wísade from afar guided forth,
sé for andrysnum ealle beweotede who for courtesy looked after everything
þegnes þearfe swylce þý dógore of the hero's needs, such as in those days
heaþolíðende habban scoldon· warrior-sailors were obliged to have;
reste hine þá rúmheort· reced hlíuade rested him then, the large-hearted man; the hall towered
géap ond goldfáh· gæst inne swæf vaulted and gold-adorned; the guest slept inside
oþ þæt hrefn blaca heofones wynne until the black raven, the joy of the sky
blíðheort bodode. Ðá cóm beorht scacan declared glad-heartedly. Then came bright hurrying,
scaþan ónetton· fighters hastening;
waéron æþelingas eft tó léodum the nobles were back to their people
fúse tó farenne· wolde feor þanon eager to fare; he wished far thence,
cuma collenferhð céoles néosan. the high-spirited visitor, to seek his ship.
Heht þá se hearda Hrunting beran He then directed the tough man to wear Hrunting
sunu Ecgláfes· heht his sweord niman the son of Edgelaf, bid him take his sword,
léoflíc íren· sægde him þæs léanes þanc· beloved iron; said thanks to him for the loan,
cwæð: hé þone gúðwine gódne tealde quoth: he the war-friend marked well,
wígcræftigne· nales wordum lóg skilled in war; he did not in words blame
méces ecge· þæt wæs módig secg. the maiche's edge; he was a proud man.
Ond þá síðfrome, searwum gearwe And then, eager to be going, ready in arms,
wígend waéron éode weorð Denum were the warriors, the one honoured by the Danes went,
æþeling tó yppan þaér se óþer wæs noble to the high seat, where the other was,
hæle hildedéor Hróðgár grétte. the battle-bold hero greeted Hrothgar. XXVII Béowulf maþelode bearn Ecgþéowes: Beowulf spoke, the son of Edgetheow:
'Nú wé saélíðend secgan wyllað 'Now we sea-farers wish to say
feorran cumene þæt wé fundiaþ having come from afar, that we are anxious
Higelác sécan· waéron hér tela to seek Hygelac; we here were well
willum bewenede· þú ús wél dohtest. entertained in our desires; you have treated us well.
Gif ic þonne on eorþan ówihte mæg If then on earth I can (do) anything
þínre módlufan máran tilian, of your affections earn more,
gumena dryhten, ðonne ic gýt dyde, lord of men, than I have done yet,
gúðgeweorca ic béo gearo sóna with feats of arms, I am ready at once,
gif ic þæt gefricge ofer flóda begang if I find it out over the flood's expanse,
þæt þec ymbsittend egesan þýwað that you neighbouring-tribes oppress with terror,
swá þec hetende hwílum dydon as enemies to you sometimes did,
ic ðé þúsenda þegna bringe I to you a thousand thanes will bring,
hæleþa tó helpe. Ic on Higeláce wát, heroes as help. I know of Hygelac,
Géata dryhten þéah ðe hé geong syÿ the lord of the Geats, though he is young,
folces hyrde· þæt hé mec fremman wile the keeper of the folk, that he would support me
weordum ond worcum þæt ic þé wél herige with words and with deeds, so that I might honour you rightly
ond þé tó géoce gárholt bere and to you in aid bring a forest of spears,
mægenes fultum þaér ðé bið manna þearf. the support of strength, where you be needful of men.
Gif him þonne Hréþrínc tó hofum Géata If him, on the other hand, Hrethric to the Geatish court
geþingeð þéodnes bearn hé mæg þaér fela decides (to go), chieftain's son, he shall there be able many
fréonda findan· feorcýþðe béoð friends to find; distant lands are
sélran gesóhte þaém þe him selfa déah.' better sought by one who is powerful himself.'
Hróðgár maþelode him on andsware: Hrothgar spoke to him in reply:
'Þé þá wordcwydas wigtig drihten 'To you these sayings of words the wise Lord
on sefan sende· ne hýrde ic snotorlícor has sent into mind; I have not heard more intelligently
on swá geongum feore guman þingian· at such young age man make a speech;
þú eart mægenes strang ond on móde fród you are strong in power and wise in your heart,
wís wordcwida· wén ic talige judicious word-speaker; I consider it likely
gif þæt gegangeð þæt ðe gár nymeð if it happens, that from you the spear takes,
hild heorugrimme Hréþles eaferan, a horrendous battle Hrethel's heir,
ádl oþðe íren ealdor ðínne sickness or iron your ruler,
folces hyrde ond þú þín feorh hafast the guardian of the folk, and you have your life,
þæt þe Saé-Géatas sélran næbben that the Sea-Geats could not have better
tó gecéosenne cyning aénigne by choosing any other king,
hordweard hæleþa gyf þú healdan wylt hoard-ward of heroes, if you wish to rule
mága ríce· mé þín módsefa your kinsman's kingdom. Your spirit and heart me
lícað leng swá wél, léofa Béowulf· pleases so well the longer (I know them), dear Beowulf;
hafast þú geféred þæt þám folcum sceal you have achieved that for the folk shall
Géata léodum ond Gár-Denum the people of the Geats and the Spear-Danes
sib gemaénum ond sacu restan, in mutual peace, and strife subside,
inwitníþas, þé híe aér drugon, hostilities, which they endured before;
wesan þenden ic wealde wídan ríces shall be, while I rule the wide kingdom,
máþmas gemaéne, manig óþerne wealth in common, many an other
gódum gegréttan ofer ganotes bæð· with good things will greet over the gannet's bath;
sceal hringnaca ofer heáþu bringan the ring-prowed ship shall bring over the high seas
lác ond luftácen· ic þá léode wát offerings and tokens of friendship; I know these nations
gé wið féond gé wið fréond fæste geworhte both towards foe and towards friend firmly disposed,
aéghwæs untaéle ealde wísan.' blameless in everything, in the ancient manner.'
Ðá gít him eorla hléo hine gesealde Then again to him the protector of earls gave to him,
mago Healfdenes máþmas twelf· the son of Half-Dane, twelve treasures;
hét inne mid þaém lácum léode swaése he commanded him with these gifts his own dear nation
sécean on gesyntum, snúde eft cuman· to seek in safety, to return quickly;
gecyste þá cyning æþelum gód, kissed then, the king the upright noble,
þéoden Scyldinga ðegn betostan the chieftain of the Scyldings, the best thane
ond be healse genam· hruron him téaras and took him by the neck; tears fell from him,
blondenfeaxum· him wæs béga wén from the silver and gold whiskers; in him were both thoughts ealdum infródum, óþres swíðor· old and deeply wise, the second stronger,
þæt híe seoððan geséon móston that they afterwards might meet,
módige on meþle· wæs him se man tó þon léof brave in a formal summit; the man was so dear to him
þæt hé þone bréostwylm forberan ne mehte that he the welling of his breast could not hold back
ac him on hreþre hygebendum fæst but him in his heart in firm bounds of thought
æfter déorum men dyrne langað for the dear man a remote longing
beorn wið blóde. Him Béowulf þanan burned in his blood. Him Beowulf thence,
gúðrinc goldwlanc græsmoldan træd warrior proud with gold, trod the grass-mound,
since hrémig· saégenga bád triumphing in treasure. The sea-goer awaited
ágedfréän sé þe on ancre rád· its lord and owner, which rode at its anchor;
þá wæs on gange gifu Hróðgáres later on the journey was the gift of Hrothgar
oft geæhted· þæt wæs án cyning, often praised; that was one king,
aéghwæs orleahtre oþ þæt hine yldo benam in everything blameless, until age deprived him
mægenes wynnum sé þe oft manegum scód. of strength's delights, a thing which continually harms many. XXVIII Cwóm þá tó flóde fela módigra They came than to the flood full of spirit
hægstealdra· hringnet baéron of the young warriors; ring-mail they wore
locene leoðosyrcan· landweard onfand interlocked limb-shirts; the land-guard perceived
eftsíð eorla, swá hé aér dyde· the return of heroes, as he did before;
nó hé mid hearme of hliðes nósan he did not with insult from the cliff's promontory
gæstas grétte ac him tógéanes rád· greet the guests, but rode towards them,
cwæð þæt wilcuman Wedera léodum said that welcome to the people of the Wederas
scaþan scírhame tó scipe fóron· the fighters with bright covering he went to the ship;
þá wæs on sande saégéap naca then was on sand the sea-curved boat
hladen herewaédum hringedstefna laden with war-garments the ringed-prow
méarum ond máðmum· mæst hlífade with horses and treasure; the mast towered
ofer Hróðgáres hordgestréonum· over Hrothgar's hoard-wealth;
hé þaém bátwearde bunden golde he to the boat-guard a bound gold
swurd gesealde þæt hé syðþan wæs sword gave, so that he afterwards was
on meodubence máþma þý weorþre on the mead-bench by the treasure the worthier,
yrfeláfe. Gewát him on nacan by the inherited relic. Departed him on the ship
dréfan déop wæter· Dena land ofgeaf· to trouble deep water; he left the Danes' land;
þá wæs be mæste merehrægla sum then was by the mast a mighty sea-garment,
segl sále fæst· sundwudu þunede· sail fastened by rope; the sea-beam thundered;
nó þaér wégflotan wind ofer ýðum there the wave-floater was not (by) wind over the waves
síðes getwaéfde· saégenga fór· hindered in its venture; the sea-goers went,
fléat fámigheals forð ofer ýðe the foamy-necked floated forth over the waves,
bundenstefna ofer brimstréamas bound prow over the ocean-streams,
þæt híe Géata clifu ongitan meahton until they the Geatish cliffs could perceive,
cúþe næssas· céol úp geþrang the well-known headlands; the keel rushed up
lyftgeswenced· on lande stód. weather-beaten, rested on the land.
Hraþe wæs æt holme hýðweard geara Quickly was at the water the ready harbour-guard,
sé þe aér lange tíd léofra manna he who already for a long time for the beloved men
fús æt faroðe feor wlátode· eager at the current gazed far;
saélde tó sande sídfæþme scip moored in the sand the broad-bosomed ship
oncearbendum fæst þý laés hym ýþa ðrym firm with anchor-bounds, lest the force of the waves
wudu wynsuman forwrecan meahte· the winsome timbers might carry away;
hét þá úp beran æþelinga gestréon he ordered then to carry up the nobles' treasure,
frætwe ond faétgold· næs him feor þanon trappings and gold ornaments; it was not far thence for them
tó gesécanne sinces bryttan to seek the giver of treasures
Higelác Hréþling þaér æt hám wunað Hygelac son of Hrethel, where he dwelt at home
selfa mid gesíðum saéwealle néah. himself with his companions near the sea-wall.
Bold wæs betlíc, bregoróf cyning The building was splendid, the king of princely valour,
héähealle, Hygd swíðe geong the high hall, Hygd very young,
wís wélþungen þéah ðe wintra lýt wise, well-thriving, through few winters
under burhlocan gebiden hæbbe in the walled town had lived,
Hæreþes dohtor næs hío hnáh swá þéah Haereth's daughter was not mean though
né tó gnéað gifa Géata léodum nor too grudging of gifts to the people of the Geats,
máþmgestréona. Mód þrýðo wæg of treasure-wealth. She showed violent arrogance,
fremu folces cwén, firen' ondrysne· the lusty queen of the folk, terrible crimes;
naénig þæt dorste déor genéþan dared not any of the bold to risk,
swaésra gesíða, nefne sinfréä· of the dear companions, except her great lord,
þæt hire an dæges éagum starede that on her by day stared with his eyes
ac him wælbende weotode tealde but for him slaughter-bonds he might consider prescribed,
handgewriþene· hraþe seoþðan wæs woven by hands; quickly then was
æfter mundgripe méce geþinged after seizure a maiche was appointed,
þæt hit sceádenmaél scýran móste, that it, shadow-marked, was obliged to settle,
cwealmbealu cýðan· ne bið swylc cwénlic þéaw make known the evil of the death; such queenly manner is not
idese tó efnanne þéah ðe hío aénlicu sý· for a lady to perform, though she be matchless,
þætte freoðuwebbe féores onsaéce that peace-weaver deprives life,
æfter ligetorne léofne mannan. owing to a false injury, of beloved man.
Húru þæt on hóh snod Hemninges maég· However, it was cut off at the heel by Hemming's kinsman;
ealodrincende óðer saédan· the ale-drinkers further told
þæt hío léodbealewa laés gefremede that evil for the people she practised less,
inwitníða syððan aérest wearð malice and enmity, since she first was
gyfen goldhroden geongum cempan given, gold-adorned, to the young champion,
æðelum díore syððan hío Offan flet of noble ancestry, when she to Offa's hall
ofer fealone flód be fæder láre over the dusky flood by her father's wisdom
síðe gesóhte ðaér hío syððan well sought in her journey where she afterwards fully
in gumstóle góde maére on the throne, for goodness famed,
lífgesceafta lifigende bréac· the fated span of her life her living she used well,
híold héahlufan wið hæleþa brego, held high-love for the heroes' lord,
ealles moncynnes míne gefraége of all mankind, I have heard,
þæs sélestan bí saém twéonum the finest between the seas,
eormencynnes· Forðám Offa wæs of the mighty race. Because Offa was
geofum ond gúðum gárcéne man in gifts and in war, a spear-keen man;
wíde geweorðod· wísdóme héold widely honoured, ruled in wisdom
éðel sínne· þonon ongéomor wóc his homeland; then, exceedingly sad, he arose
hæleðum tó helpe Heminges maég a help to heroes, the kinsman of Hemming,
nefa Gármundes níða cræftig. grandson of Garmund, powerful over strife. XXVIIII Gewát him ðá se hearda mid his hondscole Then the hardy man went with his hand-picked retinue
sylf æfter sande saéwong tredan himself along the sand treading the sea-plain,
wíde waroðas· woruldcandel scán the wide strand; the world-candle shone,
sigel súðan fús· hí síð drugon· the sun eagerly from the south; they had survived the journey,
elne geéodon, tó ðæs ðe eorla hléo strode quickly, to where the Shield of Heroes,
bonan Ongenþéoes burgum in innan, --the bane of Ongentheow-- inside his citadel,
geongne gúðcyning gódne gefrúnon the young war-king, they heard (that there) the good man
hringas daélan. Higeláce wæs alloted rings. To Hygelac was
síð Béowulfes snúde gecýðed· Beowulf's journey promptly reported,
þæt ðaér on worðig wígendra hléo that there in enclosed homestead, the defender of warriors,
lindgestealla lifigende cwóm shield-companion (still) living came,
heaðoláces hál tó hofe gongan· from the war-play unharmed going to to the court;
hraðe wæs gerýmed swá se ríca bebéad quickly was cleared, as the king bade,
féðegestum flet innanweard· for the visitors on foot the floor within;
gesæt þá wið sylfne sé ðá sæcce genæs, then he sat down with the same man, he who had survived the fight,
maég wið maége syððan mandryhten kinsman with kinsman, after the liege-lord
þurh hléoðorcwyde holdne gegrétte through ceremonious speech his loyal subject had greeted,
méaglum wordum meoduscencum in emphatic words, mead-draughts
hwearf geond þæt síde reced Hæreðes dohtor passed round through that spacious room Haereth's daughter,
lufode ðá léode· liðwaége bær --she loved the people-- bore goblets
haéum tó handa. Higelác ongan to the hands of the illustrious ones. Hygelac began
sínne geseldan in sele þám héan his hall-companion in that high hall
fægre fricgcean· hyne fyrwet bræc to question courteously, his curiosity burst forth,
hwylce Saé-Géata síðas waéron: whatever the Sea-Geats' adventures were:
'Hú lomp éow on láde, léofa Bíowulf, 'How fared you on the way, dear Beowulf,
þá ðú faéringa feorr gehogodest when you suddenly resolved far away
sæcce sécean ofer sealt wæter to seek conflict over the salt water,
hilde tó Hiorote? Ac ðú Hróðgáre combat in Heorot? Moreover, did you Hrothgar's
wídcúðne wéan wihte gebéttest widely known woes at all ameliorate,
maérum ðéodne? Ic ðæs módceare for the famed chieftain? I of this with anxious care of the heart
sorhwylmum séað· síðe ne trúwode seethed with wellings of sorrow, I did not trust the venture
léofes mannes· ic ðé lange bæd of my dear man; I begged you at length,
þæt ðú þone wælgaést wihte ne grétte· that you the slaughter-ghast would not challenge at all,
léte Súð-Dene sylfe geweorðan let the South-Danes settle themselves
gúðe wið Grendel· gode ic þanc secge the war with Grendel; to God I speak thanks,
þæs ðe ic ðé gesundne geséon móste.' for that I you sound am permitted to see.'
Bíowulf maðelode bearn Ecgðíoes: Beowulf spoke, the son of Edgetheow:
'Þæt is undyrne, dryhten Higelác, 'It is not secret, lord Hygelac,
micel geméting monegum fíra· that great meeting, to many men,
hwylc orleghwíl uncer Grendles what a time of struggle between the two of us, me and Grendel,
wearð on ðám wange þaér hé worna fela occurred in that place where he great multitudes
Sige-Scyldingum sorge gefremede for the Victory-Scyldings brought about sorrows,
yrmðe tó aldre· ic ðæt eall gewræc lifelong misery; I avenged it all,
swá begylpan þearf Grendeles mága thus there is need to boast --of Grendel's kinsmen,
yfel ofer eorðan úhthlem þone evil upon the earth-- of that clash at dawn,
sé ðe lengest leofað láðan cynnes he who lives the longest of that hateful race,
fáecne bifongen. Ic ðaér furðum cwóm enveloped in malice. I first came there
tó ðám hringsele Hróðgár grétan· to that ring-hall to greet Hrothgar;
sóna mé se maéra mago Healfdenes straightaway to me the famed kinsman of Half-Dane,
syððan hé módsefan mínne cúðe after he the purpose of the heart of mine knew,
wið his sylfes sunu setl getaéhte· with his own sons he appointed a seat;
weorod wæs on wynne· ne seah ic wídan feorh The troop was joyful; I have not seen in my whole life
under heofones hwealf healsittendra under heaven's vault a hall-sitters'
medudréam máran. Hwílum maéru cwén mead-revelry greater. At times the renowned queen,
friðusibb folca flet eall geondhwearf· the peace-pledge of peoples, passed over all of the floor,
bædde byre geonge· oft hío béahwriðan urged on the young boys; often twisted-rings she
secge sealde aér híe tó setle géong· gave to the warriors, before she went to her seat;
hwílum for duguðe dohtor Hróðgáres from time to time before the band of experienced warriors Hrothgar's daughter
eorlum on ende ealuwaége bær to nobles continuously to the end bore the ale-flagon,
þá ic Fréaware fletsittende those I Freawaru the ones on the floor
nemnan hýrde þaér hío nægled sinc I heard name her, when she the studded cup
hæleðum sealde Sío geháten is gave to heroes, she is promised, geong goldhroden, gladum suna Fródan· young, gold-adorned, to gracious son of Froda;
hafað þæs geworden wine Scyldinga this has arranged the Friend of the Scyldings,
ríces hyrde ond þæt raéd talað the kingdom's shepherd, and counsel reckons it
þæt hé mid ðý wífe wælfaéhða daél that he with this woman a great part of the slaughter-feuds,
sæcca gesette. Oft seldan hwaér conflicts will settle. Very seldom anywhere
æfter léodhryre lýtle hwíle after the fall of a leader (even) a little while
bongár búgeð þéah séo brýd duge. the murderous spear bends down, though the bride be good.
Mæg þæs þonne ofþyncan ðéoden Heaðo-Beardna This then may displease the chief of the Heatho-Bards'
ond þegna gehwám þára léoda and every thane of that people,
þonne hé mid faémnan on flett gaëð: when he with the maiden walks on the floor:
dryhtbearn Dena duguða biwenede, that the noble sons of the Danes, her veteran troop, are entertained,
on him gladiað gomelra láfe on them glisten ancient heirlooms,
heard ond hringmaél Heaða-Bearna gestréon hard and ring-adorned, the Heatho-Bards' treasure,
þenden híe ðám waépnum wealdan móston. so long as they those weapons were able to wield. [XXX] Oð ðæt híe forlaéddan tó ðám lindplegan Until they had led to disaster in the shield-play
swaése gesíðas ond hyra sylfra feorh. their dear companions and their own lives.
Þonne cwið æt béore sé ðe béahgesyhð Then speaks at the beer-drinking, he who sees a ring-precious object,
eald æscwiga sé ðe eall geman the old ash-warrior, he who remembers all
gárcwealm gumena --him bið grim sefa-- the spear-death of men --in him is a fierce heart--
onginneð géomormód geongum cempan he begins sad-spirited in a young champion,
þurh hreðra gehygd higes cunnian, by the musing of his heart, to tempt his mind,
wígbealu weccean ond þæt word ácwyð: to awaken war-horror, and speaks these words:
"Meaht ðú, mín wine, méce gecnáwan "Can you, my friend, recognise that maiche,
þone þín fæder tó gefeohte bær which your father bore into the fight,
under heregríman hindeman síðe, under his army-mask on the last campaign,
dýre íren, þaér hyne Dene slógon· precious iron, there the Danes slew him,
wéoldon wælstówe syððan wiðergyld læg controlled the slaying-field, when retribution failed,
æfter hæleþa hryre hwate Scyldungas? after the heroes' fall, the fierce Scyldings?
Nú hér þára banena byre náthwylces Now here of those slayers the son of one or other of them,
frætwum hrémig on flet gaëð· exultant in trappings, goes across the floor,
morðres gylpeð ond þone máðþum byreð boasts of murder, and wears the treasure
þone þe ðú mid rihte raédan sceoldest." which you by right ought to possess."
Manað swá ond myndgað maéla gehwylce Thus he incites and reminds every time
sárum wordum oð ðæt saél cymeð with grievous words, until that time comes
þæt se faémnan þegn fore fæder daédum that the woman's thane for his father's deeds
æfter billes bite blódfág swefeð from the bite of a bill-blade sleeps, stained in blood,
ealdres scyldig· him se óðer þonan having forfeited life; him the other thence
losað lifigende· con him land geare. escapes alive, the land is readily known to him.
Þonne bíoð brocene on bá healfe Then are broken on both sides
áðsweorð eorla· syððan Ingelde the sworn oaths of earls; then in Ingeld
weallað wælníðas ond him wíflufan murderous hate will well up and in him the love of woman
æfter cearwælmum cólran weorðað· surges of grief will become cooler;
þý ic Heaðo-Beardna hyldo ne telge Therefore I the Heathobards' loyalty do not consider,
dryhtsibbe daél Denum unfaécne, the alliance's portion, for the Danes untreacherous,
fréondscipe fæstne. Ic sceal forð sprecan enduring friendship. I ought speak further
gén ymbe Grendel þæt ðú geare cunne, again about Grendel, that you may readily know,
sinces brytta, tó hwan syððan wearð giver of treasure, what then happened,
hondraés hæleða syððan heofones gim the hand-fight of heroes when heaven's gem
glád ofer grundas gaést yrre cwóm had glided over the earth, the ireful guest came,
eatol aéfengrom úser néosan terrible, fierce in the evening to visit us,
ðaér wé gesunde sæl weardodon where we, unharmed, warded the hall,
þaér wæs Hondsciö hilde onsaége where was for Hondscio a sinking battle
feorhbealu faégum· hé fyrmest læg deadly evil for the doomed man; he fell first,
gyrded cempa· him Grendel wearð the girded champion; for him Grendel was,
maérum maguþegne tó múðbonan· the famed thane of distinction, a slayer by mouth,
léofes mannes líc eall forswealg· the belovèd man's body swallowed up completely;
nó ðý aér út ðá gén ídelhende not the sooner out yet empty-handed,
bona blódigtóð bealewa gemyndig the slayer bloody-toothed, wickedness in mind,
of ðám goldsele gongan wolde from the gold-hall did he wish to go
ac hé mægnes róf mín costode· but he, famed for his strength, tested me,
grápode gearofolm· glóf hangode gripped with an eager hand; a pouch hung down
síd ond syllíc searobendum fæst spacious and strange, with cleverly-wrought clasps held fast,
sío wæs orðoncum eall gegyrwed it was cunningly all devised
déofles cræftum ond dracan fellum· with devil's crafts and dragon's skins;
hé mec þaér on innan unsynnigne he me there inside, guiltless,
díor daédfruma gedón wolde the daring instigator wished to stuff,
manigra sumne· hyt ne mihte swá as one of many; he could not do so,
syððan ic on yrre upprihte ástód. since I in anger stood erect.
Tó lang ys tó reccenne hú ic ðám léodsceaðan It is too long to recount how I the scourge of the people
yfla gehwylces hondléan forgeald for each of his evils paid in hand-requital
þaér ic, þéoden mín, þíne léode where I, my lord, your people
weorðode weorcum· he on weg losade honoured by acts; he escaped away
lýtle hwíle lífwynna bréac· for a little while, enjoyed the joy of life;
hwæþre him sío swíðre swaðe weardade yet from him the right, a vestige, remainded behind
hand on Hiorte ond hé héan ðonan hand in Heorot, and he wretched thence,
módes geómor meregrund geféoll. gloomy in his heart, sank into the depths of the mere.
Mé þone wælraés wine Scildunga To me for the bloody battle the Friend of the Scyldings
faéttan golde fela léanode with objects of plated gold in plenty rewarded,
manegum máðmum syððan mergen cóm many treasures, when morning came,
ond wé tó symble geseten hæfdon and we to the feast had sat down
þaér wæs gidd ond gléo: gomela Scilding where was song and glee: old Scylding
felafricgende feorran rehte· who has heard tell of many things, from long ago narrated;
hwílum hildedéor hearpan wynne at times this battle-daring one the harp for pleasure
gomelwudu grétte· hwílum gyd áwræc the old-wood played; sometimes recited a song,
sóð ond sárlíc· hwílum syllíc spell true and tragic; sometimes strange tales
rehte æfter rihte rúmheort cyning· he related rightly, the open-hearted king;
hwílum eft ongan eldo gebunden at times he began again, bound in his age,
gomel gúðwiga gioguðe cwíðan the ancient war-soldier, to mourn for his youth,
hildestrengo· hreðer inne wéoll his battle-strength; his heart welled inside,
þonne hé wintrum fród, worn gemunde. when he, wise in winter, recalled many things.
Swá wé þaér inne andlangne dæg So we there inside a whole long day
níode náman oð ðæt niht becwóm took pleasure, until came night
óðer tó yldum· Þá wæs eft hraðe another to men; then was again swiftly
gearo gyrnwræce Grendeles módor ready for grief-revenge Grendel's mother,
síðode sorhfull· sunu déað fornam, she journeyed full of sorrow; Death had taken her son,
wíghete Wedra· wíf unhýre the war-hate of the Wederas; the horrible woman
hyre bearn gewræc· beorn ácwealde avenged her child, killed a warrior
ellenlíce· þaér wæs Æschere savagely; there was from Æschere,
fródan fyrnwitan feorh úðgenge. the old, wise lore-counsellor, life departed.
Nóðer hý hine ne móston syððan mergen cwóm Nor could they him, when morning came,
déaðwérigne Denia léode weary of death the Danish people
bronde forbærnan né on baél hladan cremate in fire, nor lay on the funeral bale,
léofne mannan· hío þæt líc ætbær the beloved man; she had carried off the corpse
féondes fæðme under firgenstréam· in fiend's embrace beneath the mountain stream;
þæt wæs Hróðgáre hréowa tornost that was for Hrothgar the most bitter grief
þára þe léodfruman lange begéate. which the ruler of the people long had received.
Þá se ðéoden mec ðíne lífe Then me the chieftain, by your life,
healsode hréohmód þæt ic on holma geþring implored with troubled mind, that I in the waters' tumult
eorlscipe efnde· ealdre genéðde· perform a noble act, risk life,
maérðo fremede· hé mé méde gehét. accomplish glory; he promised me rewards.
Ic ðá ðæs wælmes þé is wíde cúð Then I the welling waters', as is widely known,
grimme gryrelícne grundhyrde fond· wrathful ghastly guard of the deep found;
þaér unc hwíle wæs hand gemaéne· there a while we were sharing a hand;
holm heolfre wéoll ond ic héafde becearf the water welled with gore, and I cut off the head
in ðám grundsele Grendeles módor in that deep-hall of Grendel's mother
éacnum ecgum· unsófte þonan with mighty edges, not easily thence
feorh oðferede· næs ic faége þá gýt I carried off my life; I was not doomed yet
ac mé eorla hléo eft gesealde but to me the protector of heroes again gave
máðma menigeo maga Healfdenes.' many treasures, the kinsman of Half-Dane.' XXXI Swá se ðéodkyning þéawum lyfde· So the king of the people lived according to proper custom;
nealles ic ðám léanum forloren hæfde I by no means the gifts had lost,
mægnes méde ac hé mé maðma geaf strength's reward, but he gave me treasures,
sunu Healfdenes on mínne sylfes dóm the son of Half-Dane, according to my own glory,
ðá ic ðé, beorncyning, bringan wylle, these I to thee, warrior-king, wish to bring,
éstum geýwan· gén is eall æt ðé graciously to offer; still is all in thee
lissa gelong· ic lýt hafo dependent upon your favour; I have few
héafodmága nefne, Hygelác, ðec.' near kinsmen except you Hygelac.'
Hét ðá in beran eafor héafodsegn Then he commanded to be brought in the boar-crested standard,
heaðostéapne helm háre byrnan the battle-steep helm, hoar-silver byrnie,
gúðsweord geatolíc· gyd æfter wræc: the beautiful war-sword; the tale thereafter uttered:
'Mé ðis hildesceorp Hróðgár sealde 'To me this battle-equipment Hrothgar gave,
snotra fengel· sume worde hét the clever ruler; with some words he ordered,
þæt ic his aérest ðé ést gesægde· that I first you its legacy relate;
cwæð þæt hyt hæfde Hiorogár cyning he said it owned King Heorogar,
léod Scyldunga lange hwíle· the leader of the Scyldings a long time;
nó ðý aér suna sínum syllan wolde no sooner for that to his son did he wish to give,
hwatum Heorowearde þéah hé him hold waére to bold Heoroweard, though he was loyal to him,
bréostgewaédu. Brúc ealles well.' the breast-armour. Use it all well.'
Hýrde ic þæt þám frætwum féower méaras I heard that with the treasure four mares
lungre gelíce lást weardode swift, all alike, followed behind,
æppelfealuwe· hé him ést getéah apple-yellow; he to him offered the gifts,
méara ond máðma. Swá sceal maég dön: horses and riches. So should a kinsman act:
nealles inwitnet óðrum bregdon not at all malice-nets weave for others,
dyrnum cræfte déað rénian with hidden arts contrive death
hondgesteallan. Hygeláce wæs of hand-companions. To Hygelac was
níða heardum nefa swýðe hold in fierce strife his nephew very loyal,
ond gehwæðer óðrum hróþra gemyndig· and each the other's benefit remembered;
hýrde ic þæt hé ðone healsbéah Hygde gesealde I heard that he the neck-ring gave to Hygd,
wraétlicne wundurmáððum ðone þe him Wealhðéo geaf the exquisite marvel-jewel, which Wealhtheow gave him,
ðéodnes dohtor þrío wicg somod chieftain's daughter, three horses also
swancor ond sadolbeorht· hyre syððan wæs supple and bright with saddles; then was her,
æfter béahðege bréost geweorðod. after receiving the ring, breast adorned.
Swá bealdode bearn Ecgðéowes Thus he was bold, the son of Edgetheow,
guma gúðum cúð gódum daédum· man famed in war, for good deeds;
dréah æfter dóme· nealles druncne slóg he led his life for glory, never, having drunk, slew
heorðgenéatas· næs him hréoh sefa his hearth-companions; a troubled heart was not in him,
ac hé mancynnes maéste cræfte but he mankind's greatest strength,
ginfæstan gife þé him god sealde --that ample gift, which God gave him--
héold hildedéor. Héan wæs lange he held, battle-daring. Long had he been abject
swá hyne Géata bearn gódne ne tealdon so the sons of the Geats did not reckon him good,
né hyne on medobence micles wyrðne nor to him on the mead-bench much honour
drihten wereda gedón wolde· the commander of the troops would grant;
swýðe sægdon þæt hé sléac waére they especially said, that he was slack,
æðeling unfrom· edwenden cwóm no bold noble; a turn-around came
tíréadigum menn torna gehwylces. to the glory-blessed man for each of these miseries.
Hét ðá eorla hléo in gefetian, Then the protector of heroes ordered to be fetched in,
heaðoróf cyning, Hréðles láfe the war-noble king, Hrethel's heirloom,
golde gegyrede· næs mid Géatum ðá fitted out in gold; there was not among the Geats then
sincmáðþum sélra on sweordes hád· a better precious treasure in the manner of a sword;
þæt hé on Bíowulfes bearm álegde that he in Beowulf's lap layed,
ond him gesealde seofan þúsendo, and gave him seven thousand hides of land,
bold ond bregostól. Him wæs bám samod residence and ruler's seat. Theirs was both together
on ðám léodscipe lond gecynde in that nation inherited land,
eard éðelriht, óðrum swíðor earth by ancestral privelege, to the second more
síde ríce þám ðaér sélra wæs. of that broad kingdom to him who was higher.
Eft þæt geíode ufaran dógrum After that it came to pass in later days
hildehlæmmum· syððan Hygelác læg in battle-clashes, when Hygelac lay dead,
ond Heardréde hildeméceas and for Heardred battle-maiches,
under bordhréoðan tó bonan wurdon under the cover of his shield, became the instruments of his death,
ðá hyne gesóhtan on sigeþéode when they sought him out in the victory-tribe,
hearde hildefrecan Heaðo-Scilfingas· the fierce battle-ready warriors, the Battle-Scilfings,
níða genaégdan nefan Hereríces· with enmity they attacked the nephew of Hereric;
syððan Béowulfe braéde ríce thereupon to Beowulf the broad kingdom
on hand gehwearf· hé gehéold tela passed into his hands; he ruled well
fiftig wintra --wæs ðá fród cyning for fifty winters --then he was a wise king,
eald éþelweard-- oð ðæt ón ongan an old warden of the fatherland-- until one began
deorcum nihtum draca rícsian in the dark nights, a dragon to rule,
sé ðe on héaum hofe hord beweotode he who in a high house watched over a hoard,
stánbeorh stéarcne· stíg under læg a stark stone barrow; the path below lay
eldum uncúð. Þaér on innan gíong unknown to men. There went inside
niða náthwylc ond néah geféng a man, I know not which, and he groped near
haéðnum horde· hond gewríþenne the heathen hoard, his hands wrapped round
since fáhne hé þæt syððan beget an ornamented bauble, he got that afterwards;
þéah ðe hé slaépende besyred hæfde though he who sleeping had been tricked
þéofes cræfte· þæt síe ðíod onfand by thief's cunning; the people discovered that,
búfolc beorna þæt hé gebolgen wæs. the neighbouring folk of men, that he was enraged. XXXII Nealles næs geweoldum wyrmhordan cræft He was not at all in control of the skill of the worm-hoard, sylfes willum sé ðe him sáre gesceód of his own desire, he who sorely injured him,
ac for þréanédlan þéof náthwylces because of dire-distress a thief of I know not which
hæleða bearna heteswengeas fléoh sons of men fled hostile blows,
ærnesþearfe ond ðaér inne weall in need of a hall and there within raged,
secg synbysig sóna onwacade· a man haunted by guilt, immediately watched over;
þæt géan ðám gyste gryrebróga stód· then against the stranger stood horror and terror;
hwæðre fyrensceapen nevertheless upon the wicked one se faér begeat· poured peril.
sincfæt sóhte· þaér wæs swylcra fela He sought treasure-gold, there was many such,
in ðám eorðsele aérgestréona in that earth-hall, ancient treasures,
swá hý on géardagum gumena náthwylc as they in former days some man,
eormenláfe æþelan cynnes this great legacy of a noble kind,
þanchycgende þaér gehýdde full of thought, had hid there
déore máðmas· ealle híe déað fornam these dear treasures; all of them Death took
aérran maélum ond sí án ðá gén in earlier times, and then were yet one
léoda duguðe sé ðaér lengest hwearf of the old warriors of that people, the one who moved about there longest,
weard winegeómor wénde þæs yldan· the friend-grieving warden, he hoped to delay that much,
þæt hé lýtel fæc longgestréona so that he for a little while the long-kept treasure
brúcan móste. Beorh eallgearo would be able to enjoy. The barrow all-ready
wunode on wonge wæterýðum néah occupied the plain near the water-waves,
níwe be næsse nearocræftum fæst· new on the headland, made secure by difficult-craft;
þaér on innan bær eorlgestréona there inside bore of the treasure of earls
hringa hyrde handwyrðne daél a hoard of rings a hand-fashioned share
faéttan goldes· féa worda cwæð: of plated gold; some words he spoke:
'Heald þú nú, hrúse, nú hæleð ne móstan 'Now hold you, Earth, now the heroes cannot
eorla aéhte. Hwæt, hyt aér on ðé earls' possessions. Listen, it formerly from you
góde begéaton· gúðdéað fornam was obtained by good men; war-death has taken away,
feorhbeale frécne fyrena gehwylcne terrible murder of life, of crimes each one,
léoda mínra þá mé ðe þis ofgeaf: my belovèd people, they gave this up to me:
gesáwon seledréam· hé náh hwá sweord wege they had seen joy in the hall; he I have not, who might wield sword
oððe fægrie faéted waége or make beautiful this gilded flagon,
dryncfæt déore· duguð ellor séoc· this precious drinking vessel; the veteran warriors are ill elsewhere;
sceal se hearda helm hyrstedgolde must the stern helmet adorned with gold
faétum befeallen· feormynd swefað stripped of its ornaments; the burnishers slumbers,
þá ðe beadogríman býwan sceoldon· they who war-masks ought to brighten;
gé swylce séo herepád sío æt hilde gebád also so the army's coats of mail, which in battle endured
ofer borda gebræc bite írena over the shattering of shield-boards the bite of iron,
brosnað æfter beorne· ne mæg byrnan hring decays along with the men; byrnie's ring may not
æfter wígfruman wíde féran with war-fighter fare widely,
hæleðum be healfe· næs hearpan wyn alongside heroes; there was not harp's joy,
gomen gléobéames né gód hafoc delight of glee-wood, nor good hawk
geond sæl swingeð né se swifta mearh soaring through the hall, nor swift horse
burhstede béateð· bealocwealm hafað trampling the courtyard; baleful death has
fela feorhcynna forð onsended.' many of my living kin sent forth.'
Swá giómormód giohðo maénde Thus sad at heart in grief he bemoaned
án æfter eallum· unbliðe hwearf one after all, unhappily passed
dæges ond nihtes oð ðæt déaðes wylm days and nights, until the flood of Death
hrán æt heortan. Hordwynne fond reached to his heart. Hoard-joy he found,
eald úhtsceaða opene standan the old twilight-scather, standing open,
sé ðe byrnende biorgas séceð he who, burning, seeks barrows,
nacod níðdraca· nihtes fléogeð the naked malevolent dragon; he flies by night,
fýre befangen· hyne foldbúend encircled in fire; him earth-dwellers
: : : : : : : : : : : :nan. Hé gesécean sceall ……………… He has to seek
hearm on hrúsan þaér hé haéðen gold harm in the ground, where he heathen gold
warað wintrum fród· ne byð him wihte ðý sél. guards, wise in winters; he is not a bit better for that.
Swá se ðéodsceaða þréo hund wintra So the people-scather three hundred winters
héold on hrúsan hordærna sum ruled in the earth of one of the hoard-halls,
éacencræftig oð ðæt hyne án ábealch vastly powerful, until one angered him,
mon on móde: mandryhtne bær a man in pride: he bore to his liege-lord
faéted waége· frioðowaére bæd the gold-adorned cup, begged peace-truce
hláford sínne· ðá wæs hord rásod, from his lord; then was the hoard ransacked,
onboren béaga hord, béne getíðad rings' hoard borne off, a boon was granted
féasceaftum men· fréa scéawode to the wretched man; a lord examined
fíra fyrngeweorc forman síðe. the ancient work of men for the first time.
Þá se wyrm onwóc --wróht wæs geníwad-- then the worm awoke, --quarrel was renewed--
stonc ðá æfter stáne· stearcheort onfand he sniffed along the stone, the harsh-hearted one found
féondes fótlást· hé tó forð gestóp the foot-print of his foe; he too far forward had stepped
dyrnan cræfte dracan héafde néah. in his stealthy craft near the dragon's head.
Swá mæg unfaége éaðe gedígan Provided that, one not doomed may easily survive
wéan ond wraécsíð sé ðe waldendes woe and hardship, he who the Ruler's
hyldo gehealdeþ. Hordweard sóhte grace protects. The hoard-ward sought
georne æfter grunde· wolde guman findan eagerly along the ground, he wished to find the man,
þone þe him on sweofote sáre getéode· the one who him in his slumber had sorely harmed;
hát ond hréohmód hlaéwum oft ymbehwearf hot and fierce-minded, he often circled among the mounds
ealne útanweardne --né ðaér aénig mon all round the outside --not any man there
on þám wéstenne hwæðre hilde gefeh in that wilderness, but he rejoiced in battle,
beadu weorces --hwílum on beorh æthwearf· of battle-work --sometimes he turned back to the barrow,
sincfæt sóhte· hé þaét sóna onfand· sought the treasure-cup; he suddenly discovered,
ðæt hæfde gumena sum goldes gefandod that a certain man had distrubed the gold,
héahgestréona· hordweard onbád the high treasures; the hoard-ward waited
earfoðlíce oð ðæt aéfen cwóm· with great difficulty, until evening came;
wæs ðá gebolgen beorges hyrde· then was enraged the keeper of the barrow,
wolde se láða líge forgyldan he wished the injury to repay with flame,
drincfæt dýre. Þá wæs dæg sceacen the dear drinking-vessel. Then the day was departed
wyrme on willan· nó on wealle læg to the joy of the wyrm; he did not lie within the wall,
bídan wolde ac mid baéle fór (nor) wished to wait, but with bale-fire set forth,
fýre gefýsed· wæs se fruma egeslíc infused with flame; this beginning was terrible
léodum on lande swá hyt lungre wearð for the people in the land, as it soon was
on hyra sincgifan sáre geendod. upon their treasure-giver painfully ended. XXXIII Ðá se gæst ongan glédum spíwan, Then the demon began to spew flames,
beorht hofu bærnan· bryneléoma stód to burn bright houses; the gleam of fire rose
eldum on andan· nó ðaér áht cwices to the horror of the men; nor there anything alive
láð lyftfloga laéfan wolde· the hateful air-flier wished to leave;
wæs þæs wyrmes wíg wíde gesýne the war-strength of that wyrm was widely seen,
nearofáges níð néan ond feorran· the malice of the darkly cunning one near and far,
hú se gúðsceaða Géata léode how the war-scather the people of the Geats
hatode ond hýnde· hord eft gescéat hated and humiliated; back to his hoard he shot,
dryhtsele dyrnne aér dæges hwíle· the hidden lord-hall ere the time of day;
hæfde landwara líge befangen the inhabitants of the land had been seized by flame,
baéle ond bronde· beorges getrúwode in blaze and in fire; his barrow he trusted,
wíges ond wealles· him séo wén geléah. his war-skill and his walls; him this belief deceived.
Þá wæs Bíowulfe bróga gecýðed Then was to Beowulf the danger made known
snúde tó sóðe þæt his sylfes hám quickly in truth, that his own home,
bolda sélest brynewylmum mealt the finest of dwellings, in waves of heat melted,
gifstól Géata· þæt ðám gódan wæs the throne of the Geats; that was to the good man
hréow on hreðre hygesorga maést· a grief in his heart, of the mind-sorrows the greatest;
wénde se wísa þæt hé wealdende the wise man thought that he the Ruler
ofer ealde riht écean dryhtne against ancient law eternal Lord
bitre gebulge· bréost innan wéoll had bitterly angered; inside his breast welled
þéostrum geþoncum swá him geþýwe ne wæs. with thoughts of gloom, such was not usual for him.
Hæfde lígdraca léoda fæsten The fire-drake had the fortress of the people,
éalond útan eorðweard ðone by the coast-land, the stronghold
glédum forgrunden· him ðæs gúðkyning ground down with flames; him for that the war-king,
Wedera þíoden wræce leornode· the chief of the Wederas, studied vengeance;
heht him þá gewyrcean, wígendra hléo then he ordered to be made for him, a warriors' protector,
eallírenne, eorla dryhten, all of iron, the lord of earls,
wígbord wraétlíc· wisse hé gearwe a wonderous war-board; he readily knew,
þæt him holtwudu helpan ne meahte that him tree-wood could not help,
lind wið líge. Sceolde líþenddaga linden-wood against fire. He had to his seafaring-days,
æþeling aérgód ende gebídan the old, good noble, abide the end
worulde lífes ond se wyrm somod of life in the world, and the wyrm together,
þéah ðe hordwelan héolde lange. though the hoard-wealth he had held long.
Oferhogode ðá hringa fengel Then he scorned, the rings' lord,
þæt hé þone wídflogan weorode gesóhte that he the wide-flier would seek out with a troop,
sídan herge· nó hé him þám sæcce ondréd a large army; he did not the strife dread for himself,
né him þæs wyrmes wíg for wiht dyde nor him the wyrm's fire esteem a bit,
eafoð ond ellen forðon hé aér fela power and courage, for that he before many,
nearo néðende níða gedígde narrowly risking, hostilities survived,
hildehlemma syððan hé Hróðgáres battle-clashes, since he Hrothgar's,
sigoréadig secg sele faélsode --victory-favoured man-- hall cleansed,
ond æt gúðe forgráp Grendeles maégum and in war overwhelmed Grendel's race,
láðan cynnes. Nó þæt laésest wæs hateful kind. Not the least was hondgemóta þaér mon Hygelác slóh the hand-to-hand encounter, where one slew Hygelac,
syððan Géata cyning gúðe raésum after the Geats' king, in war's rushes,
fréawine folca Fréslondum on the lord and friend of the folk, in Frisia,
Hréðles eafora hiorodryncum swealt Hrethel's heir, died in the drink of sword,
bille gebéaten· þonan Bíowulf cóm beaten down by bill-blades. Then Beowulf came
sylfes cræfte· sundnytte dréah· by his own strength, he made use of the sea;
hæfde him on earme eorla þrítig he had in his arms thirty warriors'
hildegeatwa þá hé tó holme stág· battle-gear, when he mounted the ocean;
nealles Hetware hrémge þorfton not at all did the Hetwares had need to be exaulting
féðewíges þé him foran ongéan over the fighting on foot, who forth against him
linde baéron· lýt eft becwóm bore linden-wood shields; few came back
fram þám hildfrecan hámes níosan. from that warrior to visit their homes.
Oferswam ðá sioleða bigong sunu Ecgðéowes He crossed over then the flowing expanse of waters, the son of of Edgetheow,
earm ánhaga eft tó léodum wretched and solitary, back to the people,
þaér him Hygd gebéad hord ond ríce there Hygd bade him hoard and kingdom,
béagas ond bregostól: bearne ne trúwode rings and throne: in her son she did not trust
þæt hé wið ælfylcum éþelstólas that he against foreign peoples the ancestral throne
healdan cúðe ðá wæs Hygelác déad· had the power to hold when Hygelac was dead;
nó ðý aér féasceafte findan meahton not the sooner the destitute ones could find
æt ðám æðelinge aénige ðinga in the noble one by any means,
þæt hé Heardréde hláford waére that he to Heardred would be a lord,
oððe þone cynedóm cíosan wolde· or the kingdom wished to accept;
hwæðre hé him on folce fréondlárum héold yet he to him among the folk upheld with the counsels of a friend,
éstum mid áre oð ðæt hé yldra wearð· graciously in honour, until he grew older,
Weder-Géatum wéold. Hyne wræcmæcgas ruled the Weder-Geats. Him banished men
ofer saé sóhtan, suna Óhteres· from across the sea sought, sons of Ohthere;
hæfdon hý forhealden helm Scylfinga they had rebelled against the Helm of the Scylfings,
þone sélestan saécyninga the finest of sea-kings
þára ðe in Swíoríce sinc brytnade, who there in Sweden dispensed treasure,
maérne þéoden· him þæt tó mearce wearð· famed chieftain; to him it became the end;
hé þaér for feorme feorhwunde hléat there he for his hospitality received a mortal-wound,
sweordes swengum sunu Hygeláces from sword's swing, the son of Hygelac;
ond him eft gewát Ongenðioes bearn and he went back, Ongentheow's son
hámes níosan syððan Heardréd læg· to seek his home, after Heardred lay dead;
lét ðone bregostól Bíowulf healdan, the throne he let Beowulf hold,
Géatum wealdan· þæt wæs gód cyning. to rule the Geats; that was a good king. XXXIIII Sé ðæs léodhryres léan gemunde He for the prince's fall requital remembered
uferan dógrum· Éadgilse wearð in later days, to Eadgils he became
féasceaftum fréond· folce gestépte a friend in his plight; with men he supported
ofer saé síde sunu Óhteres over the wide sea the son of Ohtere,
wigum ond waépnum· hé gewræc syððan with warriors and weapons; he had vengeance then
cealdum cearsiðum· cyning ealdre binéat: in cold grief-bringing ventures, he deprived the king of his life:
swá hé níða gehwane genesen hæfde so he each of the enmities had survived,
slíðra geslyhta, sunu Ecgðíowes, dire conflicts, the son of Ecgetheow,
ellenweorca oð ðone ánne dæg deeds of courage, until the one day,
þé hé wið þám wyrme gewegan sceolde. when he with the serpent must struggle.
Gewát þá twelfa sum torne gebolgen Then he went, one of twelve, swollen with anger,
dryhten Géata, dracan scéawian· the lord of the Geats, to behold the dragon;
hæfde þá gefrúnen hwanan sío faéhð árás he had heard then whence this feud arose,
bealoníð biorna: him tó bearme cwóm wicked hostility for men: to his bosom came
máðþumfæt maére, þurh ðæs meldan hond· the precious vessel, through the informer's hand;
sé wæs on ðám ðréate þreottéoða secg he was in that group the thirteenth men,
sé ðæs orleges ór onstealde he who this strife's origin brought about,
hæft hygegiómor· sceolde héan ðonon the gloomy-minded captive; he was obliged, humbly, thence
wong wísian· hé ofer willan gíong to lead the way to the place; he went against his will
tó ðæs ðe hé eorðsele ánne wisse to where the earth-hall he alone knew,
hlaéw under hrúsan holmwylme néh the cairn under the ground near the surging of the sea,
ýðgewinne· sé wæs innan full the struggle of the waves; it was full inside
wraétta ond wíra· weard unhíore of jewels and intricate metal-work; an unpleasant guard,
gearo gúðfreca goldmáðmas héold ready, eager war-fighter held golden treasures
eald under eorðan· næs þæt ýðe céap old under the earth; that was not an easy bargain,
tó gegangenne gumena aénigum. to obtain for any man.
Gesæt ðá on næsse níðheard cyning· Then on the headland sat the violence-hard king,
þenden haélo ábéad heorðgenéatum while prosperity bid to his hearth-companions,
goldwine Géata· him wæs geómor sefa the gold-friend of the Geats; in him his heart was sad,
waéfre ond wælfús, wyrd ungemete néah restless and slaughter-eager, fate all too near
sé ðone gomelan grétan sceolde, which the old man must greet,
sécean sáwle hord, sundur gedaélan seeking the treasure of his soul, sever asunder
líf wið líce· nó þon lange wæs life from limb; it was not for long then
feorh æþelinges flaésce bewunden. the nobleman's life would be wound in his flesh.
Bíowulf maþelade bearn Ecgðéowes: Beowulf spoke, the son of Edgetheow:
'Fela ic on giogoðe gúðraésa genæs 'In youth I many war-storms survived,
orleghwíla· ic þæt eall gemon· in battle-times; I remember all of that;
ic wæs syfanwintre þá mec sinca baldor I was seven-winters (old) when me the lord of treasure,
fréawine folca æt mínum fæder genam· the lord and friend of the folk, took from my father;
héold mec ond hæfde Hréðel cyning· held and had me King Hrethel,
geaf mé sinc ond symbel· sibbe gemunde· gave me treasure and feast, recalled kinship;
næs ic him tó life láðra ówihte I was not by him in life less in aught,
beorn in burgum þonne his bearna hwylc a man in citadel, than each of his own sons,
Herebeald ond Hæðcyn oððe Hygelác mín. Herebeald and Haethcyn or my Hygelac.
Wæs þám yldestan ungedéfelice For the eldest was, unfittingly, maéges daédum morþorbed strëd by a kinsman's deeds a death-bed strewed,
syððan hyne Hæðcyn of hornbogan when him Haethcyn from a horn-bow
his fréawine fláne geswencte· his friend and lord struck down with an arrow,
miste mercelses ond his maég ofscét missed his mark and his kinsman shot dead,
bróðor óðerne blódigan gáre· the one brother the other with a bloody bolt;
þæt wæs feohléas gefeoht fyrenum gesyngad, that was an irreparable fight, grieviously wronged,
hreðre hygeméðe· sceolde hwæðre swá þéah heart-wearying in the breast; yet must though
æðeling unwrecen ealdres linnan. the noble unavenged be parted from life.
Swá bið geómorlíc gomelum ceorle In the same way it is tragic for an old man
tó gebídanne þæt his byre ríde to abide that his son rides
giong on galgan: þonne hé gyd wrece, young on the gallows: then he utters a dirge,
sárigne sang þonne his sunu hangað a sorrowing song, that his son hangs
hrefne tó hróðre ond hé him helpan ne mæg for the pleasure of the raven, and he can not him help,
eald ond infród aénige gefremman· old and experienced, any provide;
symble bið gemyndgad morna gehwylce ever is reminded each morning,
eaforan ellorsíð· óðres ne gýmeð of the other-world journey of his son; another he heeds not
tó gebídanne burgum in innan to wait for within the strongholds,
yrfeweardas þonne se án hafað guardian of inheritance, when the one he has
þurh déaðes nýd daéda gefondad· through Death's compulsion experienced deeds;
gesyhð sorhcearig on his suna búre he sees, sad and sorrowful, in his son's dwelling
wínsele wéstne windge reste a wine-hall wasted, a wind-swept resting place
réote berofene· rídend swefað bereft of joy; the riders sleep,
hæleð in hoðman· nis þaér hearpan swég heroes hidden in graves; there is not sound of harp,
gomen in geardum swylce ðaér iú waéron. revelry in the courts, such as long ago there was. XXXV Gewíteð þonne on sealman· sorhléoð gæleð He goes then to his bed, sings a song of sorrow,
án æfter ánum· þúhte him eall tó rúm one man on account of one man; it seemed to him all too roomy,
wongas ond wícstede. Swá Wedra helm the fields and the dwelling-place. Thus the Helm of the Wederas
æfter Herebealde heortan sorge on account of Herebeald heart's sorrow,
weallinde, wæg: wihte ne meahte welling, endured: not a whit could he
on ðám feorhbonan faéghðe gebétan· on that life-slayer settle a feud;
nó ðý aér hé þone heaðorinc hatian ne meahte nor the more for that warrior could he show hatred
láðum daédum þéah him léof ne wæs· with hostile acts, though he by him was not loved;
hé ðá mid þaére sorhge þé him sío sár belamp he then with that sorrow, which on him that sorely befell,
gumdréam ofgeaf· godes léoht gecéas· he gave over human joys, choose God's light;
eaferum laéfde swá déð éadig mon to his heirs he left, as does a fortunate man,
lond ond léodbyrig þá hé of lífe gewát. the land and the folk-citadel, when he departed from life.
Þá wæs synn ond sacu Swéona ond Géata Then was injury and strife of the Swedes and the Geats
ofer wíd wæter wróht gemaéne over the wide water a quarrel shared,
hereníð hearda syððan Hréðel swealt hard military-spite, after Hrethel died,
oððe him Ongenðéowes eaferan waéran and to him Ongentheow's heirs were
frome fyrdhwate· fréode ne woldon vigorous and martial; they did not wish friendship
ofer heafo healdan ac ymb Hréosnabeorh to hold across the ocean, but around Hreosnabeorh
eatolne inwitscear oft gefremedon horrible, malicious raiding often committed
þæt maégwine míne gewraécan, that kin-friends of mine avenged,
faéhðe ond fyrene swá hyt gefraége wæs feud and crime, as it was famous,
þéah ðe óðer his ealdre gebohte though one of the two with his life paid,
heardan céape· Hæðcynne wearð a hard bargain; for Hathcyn was,
Géata dryhtne gúð onsaége. the Geats' lord, war impending.
Þá ic on morgne gefrægn maég óðerne Then I heard in the morning that one kinsman the other
billes ecgum on bonan staélan with bill's edges took vengeance on the slayer,
þaér Ongenþéow Eofores níosað· there Ongentheow is attacked by Eofor;
gúðhelm tóglád· gomela Scylfing the war-helm slipped asunder, the agèd Scylfing
hréas heaþoblác· hond gemunde fell battle-pale. The hand remembered
faéhðo genóge· feorhsweng ne oftéah. feuds a-plenty, did not withhold life-blow.
Ic him þá máðmas þé hé mé sealde I to him the treasures, which he had given me,
geald æt gúðe swá mé gifeðe wæs repaid in war, as was granted to me,
léohtan sweorde· hé mé lond forgeaf with flashing sword; he gave me land,
eard éðelwyn· næs him aénig þearf earth, the joy of homeland; there was not for him any need,
þæt hé tó Gifðum oððe tó Gár-Denum that he among the Gifthas or the Spear-Danes
oððe in Swíoríce sécean þurfe or in the Swedish Kingdom needed to seek
wyrsan wígfrecan, weorðe gecýpan: a worse war-eager fighter, to buy with wealth:
symle ic him on féðan beforan wolde always, in the foot-troop, I him wished to go before,
ána on orde ond swá tó aldre sceall alone in the vanguard, and thus must I always
sæcce fremman þenden þis sweord þolað act in battle, while this sword endures
þæt mec aér ond síð oft gelaéste that which me, early and later, has often served,
syððan ic for dugeðum Dæghrefne wearð since I, in front of the legions, of Daeghrefn was tó handbonan, Húga cempan· his slayer by hand, the champion of the Hugas;
nalles hé ðá frætwe Fréscyninge in no way the precious ornaments to the Frisian king,
bréostweorðunge bringan móste breast-adorning, was he able to bring,
ac in cempan gecrong cumbles hyrde but rather with his contingent fell the banner's keeper,
æþeling on elne· ne wæs ecg bona the noble in courage; blade's edge was not the killer
ac him hildegráp heortan wylmas but my battle-grip on him his heart's beats,
bánhús gebræc. Nú sceall billes ecg his bone-house, broke. Now I must with bill's edge,
hond ond heard sweord ymb hord wígan.' hand and hard sword fight for the hoard.'
Béowulf maðelode béotwordum spræc Beowulf declared, spoke vow-words
níehstan síðe: 'Ic genéðde fela for the last time: 'I have risked many
gúða on geogoðe· gýt ic wylle wars in my youth; yet I wish,
fród folces weard faéhðe sécan, old, wise warden of the folk, to seek vendetta,
maérðum fremman gif mec se mánsceaða to earn renown, if me that wreaker of evil
of eorðsele út geséceð.' from his earth-hall ventures out to greet.' Gegrétte ðá gumena gehwylcne He then saluted each of the men,
hwate helmberend hindeman síðe bold helm-bearers for the final time,
swaése gesíðas: 'Nolde ic sweord beran dear companions: 'I would not bear a sword,
waépen tó wyrme gif ic wiste hú a weapon against the wyrm, if I knew how
wið ðám áglaécean elles meahte against the monster else I might
gylpe wiðgrípan swá ic gió wið Grendle dyde grapple for glory, as I did before with Grendel
ac ic ðaér heaðufýres hátes wéne but I there furious fire's heat expect,
réðes ond hattres· forðon ic mé on hafu fierce and poisonous; therefore I have on me
bord ond byrnan· nelle ic beorges weard shield-board and byrnie; nor will I from the barrow's guard
oferfléön fótes trem ac unc sceal flee a foot but for us it must
weorðan æt wealle swá unc wyrd getéoð happen at the wall as Fate allots us,
metod manna gehwæs· ic eom on móde from the Creator of all men; I am bold in spirit
þæt ic wið þone gúðflogan gylp ofersitte. that I against the war-flier forbear from boast.
Gebíde gé on beorge byrnum werede You, await here on the barrow, clad in byrnies,
secgas on searwum hwæðer sél mæge warriors in war-gear, which better can
æfter wælraése wunde gedýgan during the slaughter-clash survive wound
uncer twéga· nis þæt éower síð of the two of us; it is not your adventure,
né gemet mannes nefne mín ánes· nor in the power of men, save mine alone.'
Wát he wíð áglaécean eofoðo daéle· He knew that against the beast he would deal out his strength,
eorlscype efne· 'Ic mid elne sceall achieve noble rank; 'I must with courage
gold gegangan oððe gúð nimeð gain the gold, or war takes,
feorhbealu frécne fréan éowerne.' terrible deadly wound, your lord.'
Árás ðá bí ronde róf óretta Then he arose by means of his shield, the bold warrior,
heard under helme· hiorosercean bær severe under his helm, he wore sword-shirt
under stáncleofu strengo getrúwode under stone cliffs, trusted in the strength
ánes mannes· ne bið swylc earges síð. of a single man; such is not the coward's way.
Geseah ðá be wealle sé ðe worna fela He saw then by the wall, he who a great number,
gumcystum gód gúða gedígde nobly good, wars survived,
hildehlemma þonne hnitan féðan· battle-clashes, when armies collided;
stódan stánbogan, stréam út þonan it stood by the stone-arch, a stream out from there
brecan of beorge· wæs þaére burnan wælm breaking out of the barrow; there was the brook's surge
heaðofýrum hát· ne meahte horde néah hot with deadly fire, he could not near the hoard
unbyrnende aénige hwíle without burning for any space of time
déop gedýgan for dracan lége. endure the depths on account of the dragon's fire.
Lét ðá of bréostum ðá hé gebolgen wæs Then he let from his breast, when he was angered,
Weder-Géata léod word út faran· the Weder-Geat's leader, a word burst out,
stearcheort styrmde· stefn in becóm the staunch-hearted one roared; his voice came in,
heaðotorht hlynnan under hárne stán· ringing battle-clear beneath the hoary grey stone;
hete wæs onhréred· hordweard oncníow hate was aroused, the hoard-guard knew
mannes reorde· næs ðaér mára fyrst man's voice; there was not more time
fréode tó friclan· from aérest cwóm to ask for peace; first came forth
oruð áglaécean út of stáne the monster's breath out of the stone,
hát hildeswát· hrúse dynede· hot battle-vapour; the earth thundered;
biorn under beorge bordrand onswáf the warrior below the barrow swung his shield-boss
wið ðám gryregieste Géata dryhten· against the terror-guest, the Geats' lord;
ðá wæs hringbogan heorte gefýsed then was the ring-coiled one's heart incited
sæcce tó séceanne· sweord aér gebraéd to seek strife; his sword before drew
gód gúðcyning gomele láfe the good war-king, ancient heirloom,
ecgum ungléaw· aéghwæðrum wæs imprudent with sword-edges; was in each
bealohycgendra bróga fram óðrum· of the harm-intending ones terror of the other;
stíðmód gestód wið stéapne rond firm-spirited stood with his steep bossed-shield
winia bealdor ðá se wyrm gebéah the brave leader of the friends, while the serpent coiled
snúde tósomne hé on searwum bád· together swiftly; He in war-gear waited;
gewát ðá byrnende gebogen scríðan, went then burning gliding coiled,
tó gescipe scyndan· scyld wél gebearg hastening to his destiny; the shield defended well
lífe ond líce laéssan hwíle life and body for a lesser time
maérum þéodne þonne his myne sóhte· the famed chieftain, then his mind desired,
ðaér hé þý fyrste forman dógore where he that time for the first day
wealdan móste swá him wyrd ne gescráf had to wield it, as Fate had not decreed for him
hréð æt hilde: hond úp ábraéd glory in battle: he raised up his hand,
Géata dryhten· gryrefáhne slóh the Geatish lord; the ghastly-hued one he struck
incgeláfe þæt sío ecg gewác with his ancestoral sword, so that the edge weakened
brún on báne· bát unswíðor bright on bone, bit less fiercely
þonne his ðíodcyning þearfe hæfde than its tribe-king had need
bysigum gebaéded. Þá wæs beorges weard driven in distress. Then the barrow's ward was
æfter heaðuswenge on hréoum móde· after the war-blow in a fierce spirit;
wearp wælfýre· wíde sprungon he spewed slaughter-fire; widely spread
hildeléoman. Hréðsigora ne gealp battle-light. Of war-victory did not boast
goldwine Géata· gúðbill geswác the gold-friend of the Geats; his war-bill failed,
nacod æt níðe swá hyt nó sceolde naked in the violence, as it should not have,
íren aérgód· ne wæs þæt éðe síð the excellent old iron; that was not an easy accomplishment,
þæt se maéra maga Ecgðéowes that the famed son of Edgetheow
grundwong þone ofgyfan wolde· this earth should be willing to give up;
sceolde willan wíc eardian he was obliged to be about to inhabit a dwelling
elles hwergen· swá sceal aéghwylc mon elsewhere, as must every man
álaétan laéndagas. Næs ðá long tó ðon abandon loaned-days. It was not long to when
þæt ðá áglaécean hý eft gemétton: that the fierce enemies again met each other:
hyrte hyne hordweard· hreðer aéðme wéoll the hoard-guardian heartened himself, his breast swelled with breath,
níwan stefne· nearo ðrówode another time; cruelly suffered,
fýre befongen sé ðe aér folce wéold. encircled in fire, he who had once ruled a nation.
Nealles him on héape handgesteallan Not at all him in a troop the hand-companions,
æðelinga bearn ymbe gestódon nobles' sons, around him stood
hildecystum ac hý on holt bugon· with valour in battle, but they sunk to the forest,
ealdre burgan· hiora in ánum wéoll to protect life; in one of them surged
sefa wið sorgum· sibb' aéfre ne mæg his heart with sorrows; kinship can never
wiht onwendan þám ðe wél þenceð. aught be altered, in him who thinks properly. XXXVI Wígláf wæs háten Wéoxstánes sunu Wiglaf he was called, son of Weohstan,
léoflíc lindwiga léod Scylfinga noble shield-fighter, man of the Scylfings,
maég Ælfheres· geseah his mondryhten kinsman of Ælfhere; he saw his liege-lord
under heregríman hát þrówian· under the war-mask suffering heat;
gemunde ðá ðá áre þé hé him aér forgeaf he remembered then the honour that he had given him before,
wícstede weligne Waégmundinga, lush dwelling-place of the Waegmundings,
folcrihta gehwylc swá his fæder áhte· to each folk-rights, as his father had owned;
ne mihte ðá forhabban· hond rond geféng then he could not hold back, his hand seized his round shield,
geolwe linde· gomelswyrd getéah· yellow lindenwood, he drew his ancient sword;
þæt wæs mid eldum Éanmundes láf it was among men the legacy of Eanmund,
suna Óhtere· þám æt sæcce wearð son of Ohthere; of him in battle was,
wræcca wineléasum Wéohstánes bana of the friendless exile, Weohstan his slayer
méces ecgum ond his mágum ætbær by maiche's edges, and to his kinsman he brought back
brúnfágne helm hringde byrnan bright-gleaming helm, ringed byrnie,
ealdsweord etonisc· þæt him Onela forgeaf an old ogrish sword; that to him Onela returned,
his gædelinges gúðgewaédu his kinsman's war-garment,
fyrdsearo fúslíc· nó ymbe ðá faéhðe spræc war-devised clothing; he did not speak of the feud,
þéah ðe hé his bróðor bearn ábredwade· though he his brother's son had slain;
hé frætwe gehéold fela misséra he held the treasures for many seasons,
bill ond byrnan oð ðæt his byre mihte bill and byrnie, until his son could
eorlscipe efnan swá his aérfæder· accomplish noble deeds like his old father;
geaf him ðá mid Géatum gúðgewaéda then, among the Geats, he gave him war-clothing,
aéghwæs unrím þá hé of ealdre gewát of all kinds, in countless number, then he went from life,
fród on forðweg. Þá wæs forma síð wise, on the way forth. Then was the first time
geongan cempan þæt hé gúðe raés for the young champion, that he the rush of war
mid his fréodryhtne fremman sceolde· with his noble lord had to perform;
ne gemealt him se módsefa né his mægenes láf his spirited heart in him did not melt away, nor the remainder of his strength
gewác æt wíge· þa se wyrm onfand fail in the fight; then the wyrm had discovered,
syððan híe tógædre gegán hæfdon. when they together had come.
Wígláf maðelode· wordrihta fela Wiglaf spoke, many proper words
sægde gesíðum --him wæs sefa geómor--: he said to his companions --his heart was sad in him--:
'Ic ðæt maél geman þaér wé medu þégun 'I recall that time, where we partook of mead,
þonne wé gehéton ússum hláforde when we promised to our lord
in bíorsele ðé ús ðás béagas geaf in the beer-hall, he who gave us rings,
þæt wé him ðá gúðgetawa gyldan woldon that we to him for the war-gear wished to repay,
gif him þyslicu þearf gelumpe, if for him such a need arose,
helmas ond heard sweord. Ðé hé úsic on herge gecéas with helmets and hard swords. Because of that he chose us from the army
tó ðyssum síðfate sylfes willum· for this adventure of his own desire;
onmunde úsic maérða ond mé þás máðmas geaf he deemed us worthy of renown, and gave me these treasures,
þé hé úsic gárwígend góde tealde because he us spear-warriors considered excellent,
hwate helmberend þéah ðe hláford ús bold helm-bearers, though the lord for us
þis ellenweorc áná áðóhte this valiant work intended alone
tó gefremmanne, folces hyrde, to perform, the keeper of the folk,
forðán hé manna maést maérða gefremede because he of men the most glories has achieved,
daéda dollícra. Nú is sé dæg cumen the most audacious deeds. Now is the day come
þæt úre mandryhten mægenes behófað that our liege-lord has need of strength
gódra gúðrinca· wutun gongan tó of good war-men; let us go to,
helpan hildfruman þenden hyt sÿ aid the battle-leader, while the heat lasts,
glédegesa grim. God wát on mec the fierce fire-terror. God knows of me
þæt mé is micle léofre þæt mínne líchaman that to me it is much more agreeable, that my body
mid mínne goldgyfan gléd fæðmie· with my gold-giver the fire embraces;
ne þynceð mé gerysne þæt wé rondas beren it does not seem proper to me, that we bear shields
eft tó earde nemne we aéror mægen back to our land, unless we first can
fáne gefyllan, feorh ealgian fell the foe, defend the life
Wedra ðéodnes· ic wát geare of the chief of the Wederas; I know well,
þæt naéron ealdgewyrht þæt hé ána scyle that his deeds of old are not such, that he alone should
Géata duguðe gnorn þrówian, of the Geats' retinue sorrow suffer,
gesígan æt sæcce· úrum sceal sweord ond helm to sink in strife; for the two of us must sword and helm,
byrne ond byrduscrúd bám gemaéne.' byrnie and rich shroud both share.'
Wód þá þurh þone wælréc· wígheafolan bær Then he waded through the smoke of slaughter, bore his war-head
fréan on fultum· féa worda cwæð: to the support of his lord; a few words he spoke:
'Léofa Bíowulf, laést eall tela 'Dear Beowulf, carry out all well,
swá ðú on geoguðféore geára gecwaéde as you in youth-life long ago said,
þæt ðú ne álaéte be ðé lifigendum that you would not allow, with you still living,
dóm gedréosan· scealt nú daédum róf, glory to fail; you must now in bold deeds,
æðeling anhýdig, ealle mægene a noble firm in mind, with all of your strength,
feorh ealgian· ic ðé fullaéstu.' defend your life; I shall support you.'
Æfter ðám wordum wyrm yrre cwóm After those words the wrathful wyrm came,
atol inwitgæst óðre síðe awful cruel visitor a second time,
fýrwylmum fáh fíonda níosian with hostile, gleaming flood of fire to seek his foes
láðra manna·sydaudio líg ýðum for· the hated humans; the flame came forth in waves,
born bord wið rond· byrne ne meahte burned shield to the boss; the byrnie could not
geongum gárwigan géoce gefremman to the young spear-fighter lend support
ac se maga geonga under his maéges scyld but the young man, under his kinsman's shield
elne geéode þá his ágen wæs courageously advanced, when his own was
glédum forgrunden. Þá gén gúðcyning consumed by fire. Then again the war-king
miht gemunde· mægenstrengo slóh remembered his strength, with mighty force struck
hildebille þæt hyt on heafolan stód with his battle-bill, so that it stood in (the serpent's) head
níþe genýded· Nægling forbærst· driven by violence; Naegling burst asunder,
geswác æt sæcce sweord Bíowulfes failed in the fight Beowulf's sword
gomol ond graégmaél· him þæt gifeðe ne wæs ancient and silver-streaked; it was not granted to him,
þæt him írenna ecge mihton that for him irons' edges could
helpan æt hilde: wæs sío hond tó strong help in battle: the hand was too strong,
sé ðe méca gehwane míne gefraége that each one of the blades --I heard--
swenge ofersóhte þonne hé tó sæcce bær in stroke he over-taxed; when he bore to battle
waépen wundum heard næs him wihte ðé sél. a weapon hardened by wounds, it was not any better for him.
Þá wæs þéodsceaða þriddan síðe Then the scourge of people a third time,
frécne fýrdraca faéhða gemyndig· the fierce fire-drake enmity in mind,
raésde on ðone rófan þá him rúm ágeald rushed at the brave man, when he was yielded space,
hát ond heaðogrim heals ealne ymbeféng hot and battle-fierce, (Beowulf's) whole neck he clamped
biteran bánum· hé geblódegod wearð between sharp fangs; he was drenched
sáwuldríore· swát ýðum wéoll. in life-blood; gore gushed in waves. XXXVII Ðá ic æt þearfe gefrægn þéodcyninges I heard that then at the need of the folk-king
andlongne eorl ellen cýðan the nobleman alongside displayed courage,
cræft ond cénðu swá him gecynde wæs· strength and boldness, as was natural to him;
ne hédde hé þæs heafolan ac sío hand gebarn he did not heed (the dragon's) head, though the hand was burned
módiges mannes þaér hé his mægenes healp of the spirited man, there he his strength helped,
þæt he þone níðgæst nioðor hwéne slóh, that he the hostile outsider struck somewhat lower,
secg on searwum þæt ðæt sweord gedéaf the warrior in his war-gear, so that the sword sank in
fáh ond faéted þæt ðæt fýr ongon gleaming and golden so that the fire began
sweðrian syððan. Þá gén sylf cyning to weaken after that. Then again the king himself
gewéold his gewitte· wællseaxe gebraéd gathered his wits, drew a slaughter-seax
biter ond beaduscearp þæt hé on byrnan wæg· bitter and battle-sharp, that he wore on his byrnie;
forwrát Wedra helm wyrm on middan. The Helm of the Wederas cut through the wyrm in the middle.
Féond gefyldan --ferh ellen wræc-- The foe they felled --their courage driving out life--
ond hí hyne þá bégen ábroten hæfdon, and then the both of them him had destroyed,
sibæðelingas· swylc sceolde secg wesan the noble kinsmen; so ought a man to be,
þegn æt ðearfe. Þæt ðám þéodne wæs a thane in need. That was for the chieftain
síðas sigehwíle sylfes daédum, the last time of victory by his own deeds,
worlde geweorces. Ðá sío wund ongon in the world of action. Then the wound began,
þé him se eorðdraca aér geworhte which him the earth-dragon had caused earlier,
swelan ond swellan· hé þæt sóna onfand· to swelter and to swell; he soon discovered that,
þæt him on bréostum bealoníð wéoll it him in the breast welled with deadly evil,
attor on innan. Ðá se æðeling gíong poison inside. Then the noble went,
þæt hé bí wealle wíshycgende so that he by the wall wise in thought
gesæt on sesse· seah on enta geweorc· sat on a seat; he looked on the giants' work
hú ðá stánbogan stapulum fæste how the stone-arches on firm pillars
éce eorðreced innan healden. the eternal earth-hall supported within.
Hyne þá mid handa heorodréorigne Then with his hands, sword-bloody,
þéoden maérne þegn ungemete till the renowned chieftain, the immensely good thane
winedryhten his wætere gelafede his friend and lord washed with water,
hilde sædne ond his helm onspéon· weary of battle, and unfastened his helm;
Bíowulf maþelode· hé ofer benne spræc, Beowulf spoke; he spoke despite his injury,
wunde wælbléate --wisse hé gearwe the slaughter-wretched wound --he readily knew
þæt hé dæghwíla gedrogen hæfde that he the length of his days had fulfilled,
eorðan wynne· ðá wæs eall sceacen joy of earth; then was all departed
dógorgerímes, déað ungemete néah--: his number of days, death exceedingly near
'Nú ic suna mínum syllan wolde 'Now I to my son I would have wished to give
gúðgewaédu þaér mé gifeðe swá war-garments, if it had been granted to me such that
aénig yrfeweard æfter wurde any guardian of inheritance would be after
líce gelenge· ic ðás léode héold this body remaining; I ruled the people
fíftig wintra· næs sé folccyning fifty winters; there was not a folk-king
ymbesittendra aénig ðára of my neighbours --of any of them--
þé mec gúðwinum grétan dorste, who me with war-friends dared to greet,
egesan ðéön· ic on earde bád to threaten with terror; I on earth awaited
maélgesceafta· héold mín tela· destiny, ruled my own well,
ne sóhte searoníðas né mé swór fela did not seek cunning hostility, nor swore me many
áða on unriht· ic ðæs ealles mæg oaths unjustly; I all of it can,
feorhbennum séoc geféan habban sick with mortal-injuries, have rejoicing,
forðám mé wítan ne ðearf Waldend fíra because he will not need to reproach me, the Ruler of men,
morðorbealo mága þonne mín sceaceð for dire murder of kin, when departs my
líf of líce. Nú ðú lungre geong life from body. Now go you quickly
hord scéawian under hárne stán, to examine the hoard under the hoary grey stone,
Wígláf léofa, nú se wyrm ligeð, dear Wiglaf, now the wyrm lies dead,
swefeð sáre wund since beréafod sleeping sorely wounded, deprived of treasure
bío nú on ofoste þæt ic aérwelan be now in haste, that I the ancient wealth,
goldaéht ongite· gearo scéawige the possession of gold might perceive, readily behold
swegle searogimmas þæt ic ðý séft mæge sparkling cleverly-cut gems, so that I can the more pleasantly
æfter máððumwelan mín álaétan for treasure-wealth leave my
líf ond léodscipe þone ic longe héold.' life and nation, that long I ruled.' XXXVIII Ðá ic snúde gefrægn sunu Wíhstánes Then I heard swiftly the son of Weohstan,
æfter wordcwydum wundum dryhtne after the word-speech the wounded lord,
hýran heaðosíocum, hringnet beran listened to the battle-sick one, bore a net of rings,
brogdne beadusercean under beorges hróf. woven battle-shirt under the barrow's roof.
Geseah ðá sigehréðig þá hé bí sesse géong He saw then victorious, when he went by the seat,
magoþegnmódig máððumsigla fealo, the spirited young thane, many precious jewels,
gold glitinian grunde getenge glittering gold close to the ground,
wundur on wealle ond þæs wyrmes denn wonders on the wall, and the wyrm's den,
ealdes úhtflogan, orcas stondan the old twilight-flier, beakers standing,
fyrnmanna fatu feormendléase the vessels of men of old lacking a burnisher,
hyrstum behrorene· þaér wæs helm monig stripped of adornments; there was a multitude of helms
eald ond ómig, earmbéaga fela old and rusty, many arm-rings
searwum gesaéled --sinc éaðe mæg cleverly fastened --treasure easily may,
gold on grunde gumcynnes gehwone gold in the ground, any one of mankind
oferhígian hýde sé ðe wylle-- overpower, hide he who will--
swylce hé siomian geseah segn eallgylden also he saw hanging a standard all-golden
héah ofer horde, hondwundra maést high over the hoard, the greatest of hand-wrought wonders,
gelocen leoðocræftum· of ðám léoman stód linked with skill of hands; from it light issued,
þæt hé þone grundwong ongitan meahte, so that he on the ground could perceive,
wraéte giondwlítan· næs ðæs wyrmes þaér look over the ornament; there was not of the wyrm
onsýn aénig ac hyne ecg fornam. any appearance, for him the blade-edge took.
Ðá ic on hlaéwe gefrægn hord réafian Then I heard in the mound the hoard plundered,
eald enta geweorc ánne mannan, old work of giants, one man,
him on bearm hlódon bunan ond discas him on his bosom loaded goblets and plates
sylfes dóme segn éac genóm of his own judgement he also took the banner,
béacna beorhtost· bill aér gescód the brightest beacon; the bill had already wounded
--ecg wæs íren-- ealdhláfordes --the edge was iron-- of that old lord
þám ðára máðma mundbora wæs him who the treasures' protector was
longe hwíle· lígegesan wæg for a long while; the fire-terror had endured
hátne for horde hioroweallende hot for sake of the hoard, fiercely welling up
middelnihtum oð þæt hé morðre swealt. in the middle of nights until he died in violence.
Ár wæs on ofoste eftsíðes georn The messenger was in haste, eager for return,
frætwum gefyrðred· hyne fyrwet bræc urged on by treasures; curiosity burst in him,
hwæðer collenferð cwicne gemétte whether bold-hearted he would meet alive
in ðám wongstede Wedra þéoden in that place, the chief of the Wederas
ellensíocne þaér hé hine aér forlét· ill in strength, where he had left him earlier;
hé ðá mid þám máðmum maérne þíoden he then with that treasures to the glorious chieftain,
dryhten sínne dríorigne fand his lord, found bleeding,
ealdres æt ende· hé hine eft ongon of life at an end; he again began on him
wæteres weorpan oð þæt wordes ord to sprinkle water, until the word's point
bréosthord þurhbræc broke through the breast-hoard,
gomel on giogoðe gold scéawode: the old one on the youth saw gold:
'Ic ðára frætwa fréan ealles ðanc 'I, for these riches, to the Lord of All, thanks
wuldurcyninge wordum secge to the Glory-King say by words,
écum dryhtne þé ic hér on starie to the eternal Lord, which I look on here,
þæs ðe ic móste mínum léodum that I was able for my people
aér swyltdæge swylc gestrýnan before my death-day to gain such riches,
nú ic on máðma hord minne bebohte now I for the hoard of treasures have paid with my
fróde feorhlege fremmað géna old span of life. Tend still
léoda þearfe· ne mæg ic hér leng wesan· the need of the nation. I cannot be here longer;
hátað heaðomaére hlaéw gewyrcean order war-famed men to construct a mound
beorhtne æfter baéle æt brimes nósan· bright after the fire, at the ocean's cape;
sé scel tó gemyndum mínum léodum it shall to remind my people
héah hlífian on hrones næsse tower high on headland of whales,
þæt hit saélíðend syððan hátan so that it sea-farers then will name
Bíowulfes Biorh ðá ðe brentingas Beowulf's Barrow, those who ships
ofer flóda genipu feorran drífað.' over the seas' mists drive from afar.'
Dyde him of healse hring gyldenne Took him from his neck the golden ring,
þíoden þrísthýdig· þegne gesealde the valiant chief, to the thane gave,
geongum gárwigan goldfáhne helm to the young spear-warrior, gold-adorned helm,
béah ond byrnan· hét hyne brúcan well: ring and byrnie, told him to use them well:
'Þú eart endeláf ússes cynnes 'You are the last remainder of our race,
Waégmundinga· ealle wyrd forswéop of the Waegmundings; Fate has swept off all
míne mágas tó metodsceafte of my kinsmen into destined death,
eorlas on elne· ic him æfter sceal.' earls in their strength; I must go after them.'
Þæt wæs þám gomelan gingæste word That was for the old man the final word
bréostgehygdum aér hé baél cure of the thoughts of his breast, ere he chose funeral fire,
háte heaðowylmas· him of hwæðre gewát hot furious seething; yet from him went
sáwol sécean sóðfæstra dóm. his soul to seek truth-fast judgement. XXXVIIII Ðá wæs gegongen guman unfródum Then it went with the young man
earfoðlíce þæt hé on eorðan geseah painfully, that he saw on the ground
þone léofestan lífes æt ende the dearest man at the end of his life
bléate gebaéran· bona swylce læg miserably enduring; the slayer also lay,
egeslíc eorðdraca ealdre beréafod the terrible earth-dragon bereft of life,
bealwe gebaéded· béahhordum leng balefully beaten down; the ring-hoard longer
wyrm wóhbogen wealdan ne móste the wickedly coiled wyrm could not control,
ac him írenna ecga fornámon, rather him irons' edges took off,
hearde heaðoscearde homera láfe the hard, battle-notched leavings of hammers,
þæt se wídfloga wundum stille so that the wide-flier, stilled by wounds,
hréas on hrúsan hordærne néah· fell to the ground near the hoard-store;
nalles æfter lyfte lácende hwearf not at all through the air flying turned
middelnihtum· máðmaéhta wlonc in the middle of nights, proud of his prized possessions,
ansýn ýwde ac hé eorðan geféoll manifested an appearance, but he fell to earth
for ðæs hildfruman hondgeweorce. by the battle-leader's work of his own hands.
Húru þæt on lande lýt manna ðáh Indeed it on land few men succeeded,
mægenágendra míne gefraége possessors of strength, I have heard,
þéah ðe hé daéda gehwæs dyrstig waére· though he in all deeds were daring;
þæt hé wið attorsceaðan oreðe geraésde that he against the poison-scourge's breath rushed,
oððe hringsele hondum styrede or its ring-hall stirred up with hands,
gif hé wæccende weard onfunde if he a watching warden found
búon on beorge· Bíowulfe wearð living in the barrow; for Beowulf was
dryhtmáðma daél déaðe forgolden· the noble treasures' share, repaid with death;
hæfde aéghwæðre ende geféred each of them had arrived at the end
laénan lífes. Næs ðá lang tó ðon of his loaned life. It was not long to when
þæt ðá hildlatan holt ofgéfan that the battle-shirkers gave up the forest,
týdre tréowlogan týne ætsomne cowardly troth-breakers, ten together,
ðá ne dorston aér dareðum lácan who had not dared before with javelins to fight
on hyra mandryhtnes miclan þearfe in their liege-lord's great need
ac hý scamiende scyldas baéran but they, shamed, bore shields,
gúðgewaédu þaér se gomela læg· war-clothing, to where the old man lay;
wlitan on Wíláf· hé gewérgad sæt they looked at Wiglaf; he sat wearied,
féðecempa fréan eaxlum néah· the foot-soldier near the shoulders of his lord;
wehte hyne wætre· him wiht ne spéow· he tried to rouse him with water, but it availed him not a bit;
ne meahte hé on eorðan, ðéah hé úðe wél he could not on earth, though he wished well,
on ðám frumgáre feorh gehealdan in that first-spear preserve life,
né ðæs wealdendes wiht oncirran: nor the Ruler's man turn back:
wolde dóm godes daédum raédan the judgement of God would rule the deeds
gumena gehwylcum swá hé nú gén dëð. of all men, as it still does now.
Þá wæs æt ðám geongan grim andswaru Then there was from that young man a grim answer
éðbegéte þám ðe aér his elne forléas· easily got, for him who earlier had lost his courage;
Wígláf maðelode Wéohstánes sunu Wiglaf spoke, Weohstan's son,
secg sárigferð seah on unléofe: a man sore at heart looked on the unloved men:
'Þæt, lá, mæg secgan sé ðe wyle sóð specan· 'That, indeed, may say he who wishes to speak the truth,
þæt se mondryhten sé éow ðá máðmas geaf that the liege-lord, he who gave you treasures,
éoredgeatwe þé gé þaér on standað-- cavalry-gear, that you stand in there--
þonne hé on ealubence oft gesealde when he on the ale-bench often gave
healsittendum helm ond byrnan, to hall-sitters helm and byrnie,
þéoden his þegnum swylce hé þrýdlícost the chieftain to his thanes such as he the grandest
ówer feor oððe néah findan meahte-- anywhere far or near was able to find--
þæt hé génunga gúðgewaédu that he completely war-clothing
wráðe forwurpe ðá hyne wíg beget· grievously threw away, when fighting befell him;
nealles folccyning fyrdgesteallum not at all the folk-king his companions in arms
gylpan þorfte· hwæðre him god úðe need to boast about; yet God granted him,
sigora waldend þæt hé hyne sylfne gewræc victories' Ruler, that he avenged himself,
ána mid ecge þá him wæs elnes þearf. one with a blade, when for him was need of valour.
Ic him lífwraðe lýtle meahte I him life-protection little could
ætgifan æt gúðe ond ongan swá þéah provide in war, and yet began
ofer mín gemet maéges helpan· beyond my measure to aid my kinsman;
symle wæs þý saémra þonne ic sweorde drep ever was it the weaker when I struck with sword,
ferhðgeníðlan fýr unswíðor the deadly enemy, fire less fiercely
wéoll of gewitte· fergendra tó lýt surged from the seat of intellect; leaders too few
þrong ymbe þéoden þá hyne sío þrág becwóm. thronged around the chieftain, when distress came to him.
Hú sceal sincþego ond swyrdgifu How must treasure-receipt and sword-giving
eall éðelwyn éowrum cynne all native joy for your kin,
lufen álicgean! Londrihtes mót delight cease! Of land-rights must
þaére maégburge monna aéghwylc of your clan every man
ídel hweorfan syððan æðelingas become deprived, when nobles
feorran gefricgean fléam éowerne from afar learn of your flight,
dómléasan daéd: déað bið sélla gloryless dead: death is better
eorla gehwylcum þonne edwítlíf.' for all men than a life of dishonour.' XL Heht ðá þæt heaðoweorc tó hagan bíodan Then he commanded battle-result to be announced at the stronghold,
úp ofer ecgclif þaér þæt eorlweorod up over the cliff-edge, where that warrior-band
morgenlongne dæg módgiómor sæt the morning-long day sat sad in spirit,
bordhæbbende béga on wénum: shield-bearers, in expectation of two things:
endedógores ond eftcymes the end of his days or the return
léofes monnes. Lýt swígode of the dear man. On little was he silent
níwra spella sé ðe næs gerád of the new tidings, he who rode the headland,
ac hé sóðlíce sægde ofer ealle: but he truly said over all:
'Nú is wilgeofa Wedra léoda 'Now is the wish-giver of the Wederas' nation,
dryhten Géata déaðbedde fæst the lord of the Geats unmoving on his death-bed,
wunað wælreste wyrmes daédum· remaining in the repose of slaughter by the wyrm's deeds;
him on efn ligeð ealdorgewinna beside him lies his life-contender
siexbennum séoc: sweorde ne meahte sick with seax-wounds: he could not with his sword
on ðám áglaécean aénige þinga on that fearsome being in any way
wunde gewyrcean· Wígláf siteð inflict wounds; Wiglaf sits
ofer Bíowulfe byre Wíhstánes over Beowulf, the son of Weohstan,
eorl ofer óðrum unlifigendum· one earl over another unliving,
healdeð higemaéðum héafodwearde he holds, weary in his mind, head-watch
léofes ond láðes. Nú ys léodum wén over beloved and loathed. Now for the nation one expects
orleghwíle syððan undyrne time of warfare when unsecret
Froncum ond Frýsum fyll cyninges to the Franks and Frisians, the fall of the king,
wíde weorðeð· wæs sío wróht scepen widely becomes; the quarrel was shaped
heard wið Húgas syððan Higelác cwóm fierce against the Hugas, when Hygelac came faran flotherge on Frésna land faring with a fleet onto the Frisians' land
þaér hyne Hetware hilde gehnaégdon· where him the Hetware attacked in battle,
elne geéodon mid ofermægene it happened in courage with over-strength,
þæt se byrnwiga búgan sceolde· that the mailed-warrior had to bow down;
féoll on féðan· nalles frætwe geaf he fell among the foot-troop; not at all ornaments gave
ealdor dugoðe· ús wæs á syððan the lord to his retinue; for us was ever after
Merewíoingas milts ungyfeðe. the Merovingian (king's) kindness withheld.
Né ic te Swéoðéode sibbe oððe tréowe I do not from the Swedes peace or truce
wihte ne wéne ac wæs wíde cúð expect a bit, but it was widely known
þætte Ongenðío ealdre besnyðede that Ongentheow of life deprived
Hæðcen Hréþling wið Hrefnawudu Haethcyn Hrethel's son at Raven's Wood,
þá for onmédlan aérest gesóhton when for arrogance first sought out
Géata léode Gúð-Scilfingas the Geatish people the War-Scilfings
sóna him se fróda fæder Óhtheres at once him the wise, old father of Ohthere,
eald ond egesfull hondslyht ágeaf· ancient and terrible, returned onslaught by hand;
ábréot brimwísan· brýda herode· he destroyed the sea-wise man, he honoured his wife,
gomela ióméowlan golde berofene the old, wisened woman bereft of her gold,
Onelan módor ond Óhtheres Onela's mother and Ohthere's
ond ðá folgode feorhgeníðlan and then he followed those life-enemies,
oð ðæt hí oðéodon earfoðlíce until they escaped with difficulty,
in Hrefnesholt hláfordléase· into Raven's Wood, without a lord;
besæt ðá sinherge sweorda láfe then he besieged the huge (sacred) grove, the survivors of swords
wundum wérge· wéan oft gehét weary with wounds; he often threatened woes
earmre teohhe ondlonge niht· to the wretched company in the length of the night;
cwæð: hé on mergenne méces ecgum said: he in the morning by the edges of a maiche gétan wolde, sum on galgtréowum he would sacrifice one of them on the gallow-tree
fuglum tó gamene· frófor eft gelamp as game for the birds; relief came back
sárigmódum somod aérdæge to the sorrow-spirited ones together with early day,
syððan híe Hygeláces horn ond býman when they Hygelac's horn and trumpet,
gealdor ongéaton þá se góda cóm, and his battle-yell recognised, then the good man came,
léoda dugoðe on lást faran. with the tribe's veteran warriors travelling on the path. XLI Wæs sío swátswaðu Swóna ond Géata The bloody swathe of the Swedes and Geats,
wælraés weora wíde gesýne· the slaughter-rush of men was widely seen;
hú ðá folc mid him faéhðe tówehton· how the folk between them awoke a feud;
gewát him ðá se góda mid his gædelingum then the good man went with his fellow kinsmen,
fród felageómor fæsten sécean· old and wise, greated saddened, to seek a citadel;
eorl Ongenþío ufor oncirde· the warrior Ongentheow retreated higher up,
hæfde Higeláces hilde gefrúnen he had of Hygelac's battle-skill heard,
wlonces wígcræft· wiðres ne trúwode· the proud man's war-craft; he did not trust his resistance,
þæt hé saémannum onsacan mihte, that he the sea-men could oppose,
heaðolíðendum hord forstandan against battle travellers defend the hoard,
bearn ond brýde· béah eft þonan children and women; he fell back thence
eald under eorðweall· þá wæs aéht boden old behind the earth-wall; then pursuit was offered
Swéona léodum· segn Higeláces to the Swedish nation, the standards of Hygelac
freoðowong þone forð oferéodon that place of refuge forth overran,
syððan Hréðlingas tó hagan þrungon. when the Hrethelings pressed forward into that entrenchment.
Þaér wearð Ongenðíow ecgum sweordan There was Ongentheow by edges of swords,
blondenfexa on bid wrecen the grizzle-haired was compelled to pause,
þæt se þéodcyning ðafian sceolde so that the tribe-king had to submit
Eafores ánne dóm· hyne yrringa to the sole judgement of Eofor; him wrathfully
Wulf Wonréðing waépne geraéhte Wulf, Wonred's son, reached with his weapon,
þæt him for swenge swát aédrum sprong so that from him by the blow blood in streams sprang
forð under fexe· næs hé forht swá ðéh forth beneath his hair; he was not frightened though,
gomela Scilfing ac forgeald hraðe the aged Scilfing, but quickly repaid
wyrsan wrixle wælhlem þone with a more terrible response for that slaughter-stroke,
syððan ðéodcyning þyder oncirde· when the tribe-king turned thither;
ne meahte se snella sunu Wonrédes he could not, the brave son of Wonred,
ealdum ceorle hondslyht giofan to the old fellow offer onslaught by hand,
ac hé him on héafde helm aér gescer rather he him on his head had sheared his helm,
þæt he blode fah bugan sceolde· so that he, blood-stained, had to bow down;
féoll on foldan· næs hé faége þá gít he fell on the field; he was not doomed yet,
ac hé hyne gewyrpte þéah ðe him wund hrine· but he recovered himself, though the wound touched him;
lét se hearda Higeláces þegn Let he, the hard thane of Hygelac,
bráde méce þá his bróðor læg broad maiche, when his brother lay dead,
ealdsweord eotonisc entiscne helm the old ogrish sword, the giantish helm
brecan ofer bordweal· ðá gebéah cyning break over the shield-wall; then the king bowed down,
folces hyrde· wæs in feorh dropen. the shepherd of the folk, was struck to his life.
Ðá waéron monige þé his maég wriðon· Then there were many, who bandaged his kinsman,
ricone áraérdon ðá him gerýmed wearð they quickly raised him up, when room was made for them,
þæt híe wælstówe wealdan móston· so that they the place of slaughter were able to control;
þenden réafode rinc óðerne· then plunder the one man the other,
nam on Ongenðío írenbyrnan he took from Ongentheow his iron byrnie,
heard swyrd hilted ond his helm somod· his hard hilted sword, and his helmet too;
háres hyrste Higeláce bær· the hoary one's armour he bore to Hygelac;
hé ðám frætwum féng ond him fægre gehét he took the treasures and fairly pledged to him
léana mid léodum ond gelaéste swá· rewards among the people, and did so;
geald þone gúðraés Géata dryhten he paid for the war-onslaught, the lord of the Geats,
Hréðles eafora þá hé tó hám becóm Hrethel's heir, when he returned home,
Iofore ond Wulfe mid ofermáðmum· to Eofor and Wulf with an abundance of treasure;
sealde hiora gehwæðrum hund þúsenda he gave them both a hundred thousand worth of
landes ond locenra béaga --ne ðorfte him ðá léan oðwítan land and interlocked rings --he needed not the gifts scorn,
mon on middangearde syððan híe ðá maérða geslógon-- (any) man on middle-earth, since they gained those glories in fighting--
ond ðá Iofore forgeaf ángan dohtor and then to Eofor he gave his only daughter,
hámweorðunge hyldo tó wedde. a honour to the home, as pledge of friendship.
Þæt ys sío faéhðo ond se féondscipe That is the feud and the enmity,
wælníð wera ðæs ðe ic wéan hafo the slaughterous hate of men, for which I have woe,
þé ús séceað tó Swéona léoda they shall attack us, the Swedish nation,
syððan híe gefricgeað fréan úserne when they learn our lord
ealdorléasne þone ðe aér gehéold is lifeless, he who formerly preserved
wið hettendum hord ond ríce against despisers our hoard and kingdom,
æfter hæleða hryre, hwate Scildingas· after fall of heroes, bold Scyldings,
folcréd fremede oððe furður gén supported the welfare of the folk, or moreover
eorlscipe efnde. Mé is ofost betost accomplished noble deeds. For me haste is best,
þæt wé þéodcyning þaér scéawian that we the people-king look upon there,
ond þone gebringan þé ús béagas geaf and that one bring, he who gave us rings,
on ádfære· ne scel ánes hwæt on a journey to the pyre; nor must a part only
meltan mid þám módigan ac þaér is máðma hord melt with that great-spirited one, but there is the treasure's hoard,
gold unríme grimme gecéapod gold uncounted, bitterly purchased,
ond nú æt síðestan sylfes féore and now at last with his own life
béagas gebohte: þá sceall brond fretan, bought the rings: then the blaze must devour,
aéled þeccean, nalles eorl wegan the fire cover, no man shall wear
máððum tó gemyndum né mægð scýne these treasures in remembrance, no pretty girl
habban on healse hringweorðunge shall have on her neck ring-adornment,
ac sceal geómormód golde beréafod but must, sad-hearted, bereft of gold,
oft nalles aéne elland tredan often, not once, tread in alien land,
nú se herewísa hleahtor álegde now the cohort-leader has laid aside laughter
gamen ond gléodréam. Forðon sceall gár wesan pleasure and merriment. Therefore must be spears
monig morgenceald mundum bewunden, many, morning-cold, grasped in palms,
hæfen on handa, nalles hearpan swég raised in hands, not at all the sound of harp
wígend weccean ac se wonna hrefn to wake the warrior, but the black raven,
fús ofer faégum fela reordian, eager over the doomed, speaking many things,
earne secgan hú him æt aéte spéow telling the eagle, how he succeeded in eating,
þenden hé wið wulf wæl réafode.' when he with the wolf despoiled the slain.'
Swá se secg hwata secggende wæs So the bold men was teller
láðra spella· hé ne léag fela of hateful tidings; he did not lie much
wyrda né worda. Weorod eall árás· in deeds or in words. The troop all arose;
éodon unblíðe under earna næs they went unhappily under the eagle's headland,
wollentéare wundur scéawian· with welling tears, to gaze upon the wondor;
fundon ðá on sande sáwulléasne they found then on the sand, soulless,
hlimbed healdan þone þe him hringas geaf ruling over his bed of rest, the who gave them rings
aérran maélum· þá wæs endedæg in earlier times; then it was the end-day
gódum gegongen þæt se gúðcyning come for good men, that the war-king,
Wedra þéoden wundordéaðe swealt. the Wederas' chieftain, died a wondrous death.
AÉr hí þaér geségan syllícran wiht First they saw there a rarer creature,
wyrm on wonge wiðerræhtes þaér the wyrm on the ground just opposite there,
láðne licgean: wæs se légdraca the loathsome one lying dead: the fire-drake was
grimlíc gryregiest glédum beswaéled· a grim gruesome guest burnt by flames;
sé wæs fíftiges fótgemearces it was fifty foot-measures
lang on legere· lyftwynne héold long as it lay; in air-joy it had ruled
nihtes hwílum· nyðer eft gewát the times of the night, down again had gone
dennes níosian· wæs ðá déaðe fæst· to seek its den; it was then still in death,
hæfde eorðscrafa ende genyttod. it had of earth-caverns enjoyed its end.
Him big stódan bunan ond orcas· They stood by him goblets and beakers,
discas lágon ond dýre swyrd lay plates and precious swords,
ómige þurhetone swá híe wið eorðan fæðm eaten through by rust, as if they had in the embrace of the earth
þúsend wintra þaér eardodon· a thousand winters remained there;
þonne wæs þæt yrfe éacencræftig, then was that legacy of exceedingly powerful, iúmonna gold galdre bewunden gold of men of yore, encompassed by an incantation,
þæt ðám hringsele hrínan ne móste that the ring-hall could not touch
gumena aénig nefne god sylfa any man, unless God himself,
sigora sóðcyning sealde þám ðe hé wolde victories' Truth-king allowed he who He wished
--hé is manna gehyld-- hord openian· --He is man's protector-- to open the hoard,
efne swá hwylcum manna swá him gemet ðúhte. even so to every man as it seemed fitting to Him. XLII Þá wæs gesýne þæt se síð ne ðáh Then it was seen that the venture did not benefit
þám ðe unrihte inne gehýdde who he unrightly had hidden inside,
wræce under wealle· weard aér ofslóh vengeance under the walls; this warden earlier slew
féara sumne· þá sío faéhð gewearð one man of a few; then was the feud
gewrecen wráðlíce. Wundur hwár þonne wrathfully avenged. It is a wondor where then
eorl ellenróf ende gefére a man famed for courage should meet end
lífgesceafta þonne leng ne mæg of his fated life, when he can no longer
mon mid his maégum meduseld búan· one among his kinsmen, inhabit a mead-hall;
swá wæs Bíowulfe, þá hé biorges weard thus it was for Beowulf, when he the barrow's ward
sóhte searoníðas: seolfa ne cúðe sought treacherous quarrels: he himself did not know
þurh hwæt his worulde gedál weorðan sceolde. through what his parting from this world must bring about.
Swá hit oð dómes dæg díope benemdon Thus until judgement's day deeply declared
þéodnas maére þá ðæt þaér dydon· the great princes, who put it there,
þæt se secg waére synnum scildig that the man would be guilty of crimes,
hergum geheaðerod hellbendum fæst banned from sacred places, in hell-bonds fast,
wommum gewítnad sé ðone wong strude· reproached for his transgressions, he who plundered that place;
næs hé goldhwæte gearwor hæfde he was not liberal with gold (nor) had he readily
ágendes ést aér gescéawod. the kindness of a lord ever shown.
Wígláf maðelode Wíhstánes sunu: Wiglaf spoke, the son of Weohstan,
'Oft sceall eorl monig ánes willan 'Often must many men, for the will of one,
wraéc ádréogan swá ús geworden is· endure exile, as it has happened to us;
ne meahton wé gelaéran léofne þéoden we could not convince the beloved prince,
ríces hyrde raéd aénigne· the keeper of the kingdom, by any counsel,
þæt hé ne grétte goldweard þone· that he not greet the gold-ward,
léte hyne licgean þaér hé longe wæs, let him lie, where he long had been,
wícum wunian oð woruldende· inhabiting his abodes until the world's end;
heoldon héahgesceap· hord ys gescéawod, he held to his noble destiny; the hoard is exposed,
grimme gegongen· þæt gifeðe wæs grimly gained; that was granted
tó swíð þé ðone þyder ontyhte. too harshly which him impelled thither.
Ic wæs þaér inne ond þæt eall geondseh I was there inside and looked over all of it,
recedes geatwa þá mé gerýmed wæs, the trappings of the hall, when the way was cleared for me,
nealles swaéslíce síð álýfed not at all sweetly was the errand allowed
inn under eorðweall· ic on ofoste geféng inside the earthwall; I seized in haste
micle mid mundum mægenbyrðenne much with my hands, a mighty burden
hordgestréona· hider út ætbær of hoard-treasures, bore it out hither
cyninge mínum· cwico wæs þá géna to my king; he was still alive then,
wís ond gewittig· worn eall gespræc wise and knowing; he spoke much on many things,
gomol on gehðo ond éowic grétan hét· old in his grief, and commanded me greet you all,
bæd þæt gé geworhton æfter wines daédum bid that you build in accord of your friend's deeds
in baélstede beorh þone héän in the cremation place a high barrow,
micelne ond maérne swá hé manna wæs large and splendid, as he was of men
wígend weorðfullost wíde geond eorðan a warrior most honoured thought this wide earth,
þenden hé burhwelan brúcan móste. while he the prosperity of a city could enjoy.
Uton nú efstan óðre síðe Let us now hasten another time
séon ond sécean on searogeþræc to see and to seek in that heap of cunningly wrought things,
wundur under wealle· ic éow wísige a wonder under the walls; I shall guide you,
þæt gé genóge néon scéawiað so that you sufficient close-up will see
béagas ond brád gold· síe sío baér gearo rings and broad gold; let the bier be ready,
aédre geæfned þonne wé út cymen quickly prepared, when we come out,
ond þonne geferian fréan úserne and then carry our lord,
léofne mannan þaér hé longe sceal beloved man, where he must long
on ðæs waldendes waére geþolian.' in the Ruler's protection endure.'
Hét ðá gebéodan byre Wíhstánes He then commanded to direct, the son of Weohstan,
hæle hildedíor hæleða monegum the battle-brave hero, many warriors,
boldágendra þæt híe baélwudu house-holders, that they the pyre-wood
feorran feredon folcágende to fetch from afar, folk-chieftains,
gódum tógénes: 'Nú sceal gléd fretan, to the good man: 'Now must the fire devour,
weaxan wonna lég wigena strengel the dim flame grow, the ruler of warriors,
þone ðe oft gebád ísernscúre he who often endured shower of iron,
þonne straéla storm strengum gebaéded when the storm of arrows, impelled by bow-strings,
scóc ofer scildweall· sceft nytte héold shot over the shield-wall; shaft held true to task,
fæðergearwum fús· fláne fulléode.' its feather-trappings eager, arrow-head followed.'
Húru se snotra sunu Wíhstánes Indeed the wise son of Weohstan
ácígde of corðre cyniges þegnas summoned from the troop of king's thanes,
syfone tósomne þá sélestan· seven altogether, the best;
éode eahta sum under inwithróf he went, one of eight, under the evil roof
hilderinc·sum on handa bær one battle-man bore in his hands
aéledléoman sé ðe on orde géong. a fire-brand, he who went in the fore-front.
Næs ðá on hlytme hwá þæt hord strude It was not in a casting of lots, who would plunder that hoard,
syððan orwearde aénigne daél when unprotected any part
secgas geségon on sele wunian the men saw remaining in the hall,
laéne licgan· lýt aénig mearn lying frail; little did anyone mourn
þæt hí ofostlíce út geferedon that they quickly carried out
dýre máðmas· dracan éc scufun precious treasures; the dragon too they shoved,
wyrm ofer weallclif· léton wég niman, the wyrm over the cliff-wall, they let the waves take,
flód fæðmian frætwa hyrde· the flood enfold, that keeper of baubles;
þæt wæs wundengold on waén hladen that was braided gold loaded on the waggon,
aéghwæs unrím, æþelinge boren of each kind countless, to the prince bore,
hárum hilde tó hrones næsse. hoary grey from battle, to the whale's headland. XLIII Him ðá gegiredan Géata léode Then for him prepared the people of the Geats ád on eorðan unwáclícne a pyre on the earth, not trifling,
helmum behongen hildebordum hung with helmets, with battle-shields,
beorhtum byrnum swá hé béna wæs· with bright byrnies, as he had requested;
álegdon ðá tómiddes maérne þéoden they laid then in the midst the famed chieftain,
hæleð híofende hláford léofne· the lamenting heroes, their belovèd lord;
ongunnon þá on beorge baélfýra maést then began on the barrow the greatest bale-fire,
wígend weccan· wuduréc ástáh the warriors to kindle; wood-smoke arose,
sweart ofer swioðole swógende lég swarthy over the heat, the roaring flame
wópe bewunden --windblond gelæg-- woven with weeping --the tumult of winds lay still--
oð þæt hé ðá bánhús gebrocen hæfde until it the bone-house had broken
hát on hreðre· higum unróte hot at heart; despairing in their hearts
módceare maéndon mondryhtnes cwealm· they bemoaned their grief, their liege-lord's death;
swylce giómorgyd Géatisc ánméowle so too a death-dirge a solitary Geatish woman Bíowulfe brægd bundenheorde wove for Beowulf, cruelly bound,
sang sorgcearig· saélðe geneahhe she sang sorrowful, earnestly of fortune
þæt hío hyre hearmdagas hearde ondréde that she for herself days of harm fiercely dreaded,
wælfylla worn werudes egesan of multitude of slaughter-feasts, terror of troops,
hýðo ond hæftnýd. Heofon réce swealg· rapine and bondage. Heaven swallowed the smoke;
geworhton ðá Wedra léode then wrought the Wederas' people
hlaéo on hóe sé wæs héah ond brád a barrow on the hill, it was high and broad,
waéglíðendum wíde gesýne for wave-farers widely visible,
ond betimbredon on týn dagum and they constructed in ten days
beadurófes bécn· bronda láfe the war-chief's beacon, the leavings of the fire,
wealle beworhton swá hyt weorðlícost with a wall they encircled, as it most worthily
foresnotre men findan mihton· the very wisest men could devise;
hí on beorg dydon bég ond siglu they placed in the barrow rings and brooches,
eall swylce hyrsta swylce on horde aér all such trappings, as before from the hoard
níðhédige men genumen hæfdon· hostile men had taken away;
forléton eorla gestréon eorðan healdan the treasure of heroes they let the earth hold,
gold on gréote þaér hit nú gén lifað gold in the gritty soil, where it now still lives,
eldum swá unnyt swá hyt aérer wæs. as useless to men as it was before.
Þá ymbe hlaéw riodan, hildedéore Then around the mound rode the battle-brave
æþelinga bearn ealra twelfa· sons of nobles, twelve in all,
woldon cearge cwíðan kyning maénan, they wished to bewail their sorrow, to mourn their king,
wordgyd wrecan ond ymb wer sprecan· to pronounce elegy, and speak about the man;
eahtodan eorlscipe ond his ellenweorc they praised his heroic deeds and his works of courage,
duguðum démdon. Swá hit gedéfe bið exalted his majesty. As it is fitting,
þæt mon his winedryhten wordum herge· that one his friend and lord honours in words,
ferhðum fréoge þonne hé forð scile cherish in one's spirit, when he must forth
of líchaman laéded weorðan· from his body be led;
swá begnornodon Géata léode thus bemourned the people of the Geats hláfordes hryre, heorðgenéatas: their lord's fall, his hearth-companions:
cwaédon þæt hé waére wyruldcyning they said that he was, of all kings of the world,
manna mildust ond monðwaérust the most generous of men, and the most gracious,
léodum líðost ond lofgeornost. the most protective of his people, and the most eager for honour.